-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 RfaXcla5V48y102YN7YmzzXLMVXRqPSArap4G+A/iIXkAbYj6jPG+Qk5SKzfokej
 KXltwkP6LHJ80SVVdtpAsQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000005907-00-000014.txt : 20000329
<SEC-HEADER>0000005907-00-000014.hdr.sgml : 20000329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000005907-00-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19991231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AT&T CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000005907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				134924710
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01105
		FILM NUMBER:		580154

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10013
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123875400

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K REPORT
<TEXT>

                                    FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549

              (X) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999

                                       OR

            ( ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

              For The Transition Period From _________ to _________

                          Commission File Number 1-1105

                                   AT&T CORP.

          A NEW YORK                                     I.R.S. EMPLOYER
          CORPORATION                                     NO. 13-4924710

            32 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10013-2412
                          Telephone Number 212-387-5400

Securities  registered  pursuant  to  Section  12(b)  of the Act:  See  attached
SCHEDULE A.

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes....x.... No........

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not con-tained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

At  February  29,  2000,  the  aggregate  market  value of voting  stock held by
non-affiliates   was   approximately   $157  billion.   At  February  29,  2000,
3,194,755,604  shares  of AT&T  common  stock,  1,181,420,568  shares of Class A
Liberty Media Group  tracking  stock and  103,117,226  shares of Class B Liberty
Media Group tracking stock were outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
(1) Portions of the  registrant's  annual  report to  shareholders  for the year
ended  December 31, 1999 (Part II)
(2) Portions of the  registrant's  definitive proxy  statement  dated  March 27,
2000  issued in  connection  with the annual meeting of shareholders (Part III)
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                     Name of each exchange on
          Title of each class                            which registered

Common Shares                                 #      New York, Boston, Chicago,
   (Par Value $1 Per Share)                   ####   Philadelphia and Pacific
                                              #      Stock Exchanges
                                              #
                                              #
Class A Liberty Media Group Tracking          #
   Shares (common, Par Value $1 Per Share)    #
                                              ####   New York Stock Exchange
Class B Liberty Media Group Tracking          #
   Shares (common, Par Value $1 Per Share)    #
                                              #
                                              #
                                              #
Thirty-Five Year 5-1/8% Debentures, due       #
  April 1, 2001                               #
                                              #
Ten Year 7-1/8% Notes, due January 15, 2002   #
                                              #
Three Year 61/2% Notes due September 15, 2002 #
                                              #
Five Year 5 5/8% Notes due March 15, 2004     #
                                              #
Ten Year 6-3/4% Notes, due April 1, 2004      #
                                              #
Ten Year 7% Notes, due May 15, 2005           #
                                              #
Twelve Year 7-1/2% Notes, due June 1, 2006    ###### New York Stock Exchange
                                              #
Twelve Year 7-3/4% Notes, due March 1, 2007   #
                                              #
Ten Year 6% Notes due March 15, 2009          #
                                              #
Thirty Year 8-1/8% Debentures, due            #
  January 15, 2022                            #
                                              #
Thirty Year 8.35% Debentures, due             #
  January 15, 2025                            #
                                              #
Thirty-Two Year 8-1/8% Debentures, due        #
  July 15, 2024                               #
                                              #
Thirty Year 61/2% Notes due March 15, 2029    #
                                              #
Forty Year 8-5/8% Debentures, due             #
  December 1, 2031                            #

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                     PART I

Item                               Description                              Page

 1.      Business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
 2.      Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
 3.      Legal Proceedings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
 4.      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security-Holders  . . . . . . . . 37

PART II

                                   Description

 5.      Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
           Matters  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
 6.      Selected Financial Data  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
 7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
           Results of Operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
           Financial Disclosure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39

PART III

                                   Description

10.      Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant . . . . . . . . . 39
11.      Executive Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . . . 39
13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions . . . . . . . . . . . 39

PART IV

                                   Description

14.      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K  . . 40

See page 38 for "Executive Officers of the Registrant."

<PAGE>

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS.

GENERAL

         AT&T Corp. was  incorporated in 1885 under the laws of the State of New
York and has its principal  executive offices at 32 Avenue of the Americas,  New
York, New York 10013-2412 (telephone number 212-387-5400).

         On   March   9,   1999,    AT&T    completed   the    acquisition    of
Tele-Communications,  Inc. (TCI) in a merger.  In the merger,  AT&T acquired all
the  business and assets of the TCI Group (now  referred to as AT&T  Broadband),
which  consisted  primarily  of  TCI's  domestic  cable  and  telecommunications
operations, as well as TCI's interest in At Home Corporation (@Home) in exchange
for  approximately  664  million  shares  of Common  Stock.  AT&T  Common  Stock
continues to represent an interest in the business and assets of the  historical
AT&T together with those assets acquired in the merger.

         In  addition,  at the time of the merger  TCI  combined  Liberty  Media
Group, its programming  arm, and TCI Ventures Group, its technology  investments
unit, to form the new Liberty Media Group.  The  shareowners  of the new Liberty
Media Group were issued separate  tracking stock rather than traditional  Common
Stock by AT&T Corp.  in exchange for the shares held in Liberty  Media Group and
TCI Ventures  Group.  Under the tracking  stock  arrangement,  the Liberty Media
Group's  earnings  and losses will be excluded  from  earnings  available to the
holders of Common Stock and the Liberty Media Group's businesses and assets will
be managed by a separate operating Board of Directors. As a result, although the
Liberty  Media Group is wholly owned by AT&T Corp.,  it is  accounted  for as an
investment under the equity method of accounting in the  consolidated  financial
statements  of AT&T  Corp.  since  AT&T does not have a  "controlling  financial
interest" in the Liberty Media Group.

         Consequently,  throughout  this  document,  references  to  AT&T or the
Company refer to the  businesses,  results or assets  attributable to the Common
Stock;  references to Liberty Media refer to the  businesses,  results or assets
attributable to the Liberty Media Group tracking  stock;  and references to AT&T
Corp.  refer to the  combined  legal  entity.  References  herein to AT&T Common
Shares,  Common  Shares,  AT&T Common Stock or Common Stock excludes the Liberty
Media Group tracking stock.

         On March 14, 2000 the AT&T shareholders approved amendments to the AT&T
certificate of  incorporation  that would permit AT&T to create a separate class
of its common stock,  the AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock,  which would track
the  performance  of our wireless  business.  As of the date of filing this Form
10-K, no shares of the AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock were outstanding.

AT&T

         AT&T is among the world's communications leaders, providing voice, data
and video communications  services to large and small businesses,  consumers and
government   entities.   AT&T  and  its   subsidiaries   furnish   domestic  and
international  long  distance,   regional,  local  and  wireless  communications
services,  cable  television  and Internet  communications  services.  AT&T also
provides  billing,   directory,   and  calling  card  services  to  support  its
communications business.

<PAGE>

         AT&T's  primary  lines of  business  are  business  services;  consumer
services;  broadband services; and wireless services. In addition,  AT&T's other
lines of business include network  management and professional  services through
AT&T Solutions and international operations and ventures.

         Internet  users can access  information  about AT&T and its services at
www.att.com. Our web site is not a part of this Form 10-K.

DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS

         Separation

         During 1999 AT&T continued the  transformation of its business begun in
1996 when AT&T  separated  its business  into three  publicly  held  stand-alone
companies: the current AT&T, focused on communications and information services;
Lucent  Technologies  Inc.  (Lucent),  focused  on  communications  systems  and
technology;   and  NCR  Corporation  (NCR),  focused  on   transaction-intensive
computing.  AT&T  distributed to its shareowners all of the shares AT&T owned of
Lucent on September 30, 1996 and all of the shares of NCR on December 31, 1996.

         Asset Sales

         Following  the  separation,  AT&T  focused on its core  businesses  and
disposed of assets and businesses that were not strategic. In October 1996, AT&T
completed the sale of its majority interest in AT&T Capital Corporation (leasing
services business).  In 1997, AT&T completed the sales of AT&T Skynet (satellite
services),  AT&T Tridom (satellite data and video communications  services), and
its  submarine  systems  business,   as  well  as  its  investment  in  DirectTV
(direct-broadcast  television service and DSS equipment business).  In addition,
in 1998 AT&T sold AT&T  Universal  Card  Services,  Inc.  (credit card  services
business),  American Transtech Inc. (customer care services),  its investment in
LIN  Television  Corporation  (commercial  television  broadcasting),   and  its
investment in SmarTone  Telecommunications  Holdings  Limited (a wireless  joint
venture in Hong Kong).  In 1999,  AT&T sold its interest in Wood-TV  (commercial
television   broadcasting),   AT&T  Language  Line  Services   (over  the  phone
interpretation    business)    and   ACC    Corp.'s    operations    in   Europe
(telecommunications services).

         TCG Acquisition

         During  1998,  AT&T  engaged  in a series of  transactions  to  further
transform  the Company from one  dominated by a single  product,  domestic  long
distance  telecommunications,  to a fully  integrated,  any distance,  broadband
communications  service  provider.  In July 1998, AT&T completed the merger with
Teleport  Communications  Group  (TCG)  pursuant  to which each share of TCG was
exchanged for AT&T Common Stock in an all-stock transaction. TCG was the largest
competitive  local  exchange  carrier  (CLEC)  in the  United  States,  offering
comprehensive   telecommunications   services  in  major  metropolitan   markets
throughout the United States.  TCG provides a broad array of  telecommunications
services,  including basic local exchange  services,  enhanced switch  services,
Internet services,  disaster  avoidance services and video channel  transmission
services, aimed at addressing high-volume business customers.

<PAGE>

         TCI Acquisition

         In the TCI  merger,  which  closed on March 9, 1999,  AT&T  issued AT&T
Common Stock for each share of TCI Group  Series A tracking  stock and TCI Group
Series B tracking  stock. In addition,  AT&T Corp.  issued newly created Liberty
Media Group Class A or Class B tracking stock for each  outstanding  TCI Liberty
Media Group Class A or Class B tracking stock and each  outstanding TCI Ventures
Group Class A or Class B tracking stock. In the merger, AT&T also exchanged AT&T
Common Stock or Liberty Media Group tracking stock for shares of TCI convertible
preferred  stock and made a cash payment in lieu of any  fractional  AT&T Common
Share or Liberty Media Group tracking share.

         IBM Global Network Acquisition

         On April 30, 1999, AT&T completed the first phase of its acquisition of
the IBM Global Network  business  (renamed AT&T Global Network Services or AGNS)
by obtaining the IBM Global Network assets in the United States. Under the terms
of the agreement,  AT&T acquired the global network of IBM for  approximately $5
billion,  and the two companies  entered into  outsourcing  agreements with each
other. IBM is outsourcing a significant  portion of its global  networking needs
to  AT&T,  and  AT&T  is   outsourcing   certain   applications-processing   and
data-center-management  operations to IBM. AGNS serves the  networking  needs of
several  hundred  large  global  companies,   tens  of  thousands  of  mid-sized
businesses and more than one million individual  Internet users in 59 countries.
About 5,300 IBM employees joined AT&T as part of the acquisition.  AGNS has more
than 1,300 dial-up  points of presence and  dedicated  access from more than 850
cities in 59 countries.  AGNS offers business customers  innovative services and
worldwide operations and support, including in-country,  native-language support
personnel.  The  acquisition  occurred  in phases  throughout  1999 as legal and
regulatory  requirements were met in each of the countries in which the business
operates.  As of December 31, 1999,  operations  in over 70 countries  have been
transferred  from  IBM to  AT&T,  representing  more  than  99% of the  contract
revenue.  We are awaiting  regulatory  approval in the  remaining  countries and
expect to be providing  service to  customers  operating in over 80 countries by
the end of the first quarter of 2000.

         Vanguard Acquisition

         On  May  3,  1999,  AT&T  acquired  Vanguard  Cellular  Systems,   Inc.
(Vanguard),  an independent operator of wireless telephone systems in the United
States  with over  700,000  subscribers  and which  operates  in markets  with a
population  of  approximately  6.9  million.  Vanguard  served 26 markets in the
Eastern United States.  Consummation of the acquisition resulted in the issuance
of  approximately  12.6  million  shares of AT&T common stock and the payment of
approximately $485 million in cash.

         Comcast Corporation Exchange

         On May 4, 1999,  AT&T and Comcast  announced  an  agreement to exchange
various cable systems,  which are designed to improve each company's  geographic
coverage by better  clustering  its systems.  The agreement will result in a net
addition to Comcast of approximately  750,000 subscribers.  Because Comcast will
receive more  subscribers  than it is contributing in the exchange,  it will pay
AT&T consideration  having a value of approximately  $4,500 per added subscriber
for a total value of $3.0  billion to $3.5  billion.  Comcast has also agreed to
offer  AT&T-branded  telephony  in  all  of  its  markets,  subject  to  certain
conditions.  The foregoing  agreements are subject to completion of the proposed
AT&T/MediaOne merger and other regulatory and legal approvals.

<PAGE>

         MediaOne Group, Inc. Acquisition

         On May 6, 1999, AT&T and MediaOne Group, Inc. (MediaOne) entered into a
definitive merger agreement. October 21, 1999, shareholders of MediaOne voted in
favor of the proposed  merger  between AT&T and MediaOne.  Under the  agreement,
each MediaOne  shareholder  is entitled to elect to receive  either cash or AT&T
common stock in exchange for their  MediaOne  shares,  subject to the limitation
that the aggregate  consideration  will consist of $30.85 per share in cash plus
0.95 of a share of AT&T stock for every MediaOne  share.  In addition,  the cash
portion  of the AT&T offer will be  increased  to offset up to a 10%  decline in
AT&T's  closing  stock  price of $57 per share on April 21,  1999,  the date the
offer  was  extended.  This  will  maintain  a value of $85 per  share for every
MediaOne  share,  provided  AT&T's stock trades between $57 per share and $51.30
per share.  The  additional  amount of cash that may be  received  is limited to
$5.42 per share.  AT&T  estimates that we will issue  approximately  600 million
shares in the transaction.  The merger,  which remains subject to regulatory and
other approvals, is expected to close in the second quarter of 2000.

         MetroNet Merger

         On June 1, 1999, AT&T Canada Corp. merged with MetroNet  Communications
Corp.,  Canada's largest competitive local exchange carrier.  Under the terms of
the merger  agreement,  AT&T  received 31 percent of the equity  interest and 23
percent of the voting  interest  in the  combined  entity in  exchange  for AT&T
Canada Corp. and ACC  TelEnterprises  Ltd. In addition,  AT&T agreed to purchase
all of the  remaining  shares at the greater of the then  appraised  fair market
value or the  accreted  minimum  price,  which  initially  is C$37.50  per share
accreting after June 30, 2000 at a rate of 16% per annum,  compounded quarterly.
If the acquisition is not completed by June 30, 2003,  those shares,  along with
AT&T's shares, would be sold through an auction process and AT&T will make whole
the other  shareholders  for the amount they would have been entitled to if AT&T
had purchased the shares.  The  completion of the  acquisition is subject to the
condition  that AT&T is permitted to acquire the shares under  Canada's  foreign
ownership  restrictions.  AT&T may acquire  the shares  prior to a change in the
ownership  restrictions  by developing a structure that addresses such ownership
restrictions.

         Cox Communications, Inc. Exchange

         On July 6, 1999,  AT&T and Cox  Communications,  Inc.  (Cox)  signed an
agreement  whereby AT&T would redeem  approximately  50.3 million shares of AT&T
common  stock  held by Cox in  exchange  for cable  television  systems  serving
approximately  312,000  customers,  our  interest  in  certain  investments  and
approximately $750 million in other consideration,  including cash. Based on the
closing  price of AT&T's  stock on July 6, 1999,  the  transaction  is valued at
approximately $2.8 billion. The transaction closed in March 2000.

         AT&T/BT Joint Investments

         On August  16,  1999,  AT&T  completed  its sale to BT of 30% of AT&T's
stake in AT&T Canada for C$600 million.  In addition,  BT has agreed to purchase
30% of the  shares  AT&T  will be  acquiring  from  the  other  stockholders  in
connection with the MetroNet  merger,  subject to BT's right to cap its purchase
at C$1.65 billion.

<PAGE>

         In  addition,  on August 16, 1999,  AT&T and BT  completed  their joint
purchase  of 33.3% of the equity  interest  and 30.6% of the voting  interest in
Rogers  Cantel Mobile  Communications  Inc.,  Canada's  largest  mobile  company
serving more than two million  customers  coast to coast,  for a total  purchase
price of C$1.4  billion.  AT&T and BT hold their  ownership  position  through a
newly established and jointly owned entity.

         BT Joint Venture

         On January 6, 2000 AT&T and British Telecommunications plc (BT) created
a global venture to serve the  communications  needs of multinational  companies
and the international calling needs of businesses around the world. The venture,
named Concert,  is owned equally by AT&T and BT and combined  transborder assets
and operations of each company, including their existing international networks,
their international  traffic,  their transborder products for business customers
- --  including  an  expanding  set of  Concert  services  -- and  AT&T  and  BT's
multinational accounts in selected industry sectors.

BUSINESS SERVICES

         Business Services provides a variety of global communications  services
including long distance,  local and data and IP networking to large domestic and
multinational  businesses,  small and  medium-sized  businesses,  and government
agencies.  Business  units  within  this group  provide  regular and custom long
distance  and local  communications  services,  data  transmission  and Internet
services, 500 services, toll-free or 800 and 888 services, 900 services, private
line services,  software defined network services (SDN),  asynchronous  transfer
mode (ATM) and Internet  protocol (IP)  technology  based  services,  integrated
services  digital network (ISDN)  technology  based services,  electronic  mail,
electronic data interchanges, and enhanced facsimile services.

         AT&T also  provides  special long  distance  services,  including  AT&T
Calling Card  services,  special  calling plans and the  Company's  domestic and
international   operator  services.   AT&T  provides   communications   services
internationally,   including  transaction  services,  global  networks,  network
management  and value  added  network  services  (i.e.,  services  offered  over
communications   transmission   facilities  that  employ   computer   processing
applications).

         Business  Services has a dedicated sales force through which it markets
its voice  and data  communication  services.  Sales  forces  are  divided  into
geographic   markets,   and  in  each  market  focus  on  large,   multinational
corporations,  small businesses,  government markets, and value-added  resellers
and other  wholesalers.  Business Services employs full service support teams to
provide significant customer support and service to ensure customer satisfaction
and retention.

         Business  Services  offers its regulated  services in  accordance  with
applicable  tariffs filed with the Federal  Communications  Commission (FCC) and
various states.  Rates can vary by a number of factors,  particularly the volume
of usage and the day and time that calls are made. AT&T Business Services offers
voice and data services  individually  and in combination  with other offerings.
Through combined offerings, AT&T provides customers with benefits such as single
billing,  unified services for  multilocation  companies and customized  calling
plans.

<PAGE>

            Voice Services

            Long distance voice services. Business Services' voice communication
offerings   include  the   traditional   "one  plus"  dialing  of  domestic  and
international long distance for customers that select AT&T as their primary long
distance carrier.

            Business  Services'  dedicated  services  include  private  line and
special access services that use high-capacity  digital circuits to carry voice,
data and video (or  multimedia)  transmission  from  point-to-point  in multiple
configurations.  These  services  provide  high-volume  customers  with a direct
connection  to an AT&T switch  instead of switched  access shared by many users.
These services permit  customers to create internal  computer  networks,  access
external  computer  networks  and the  Internet,  as well as reduce  originating
access costs.

         Business  Services  also  offers  toll free (800,  888 or 877)  inbound
service,  where the  receiving  party pays for the call.  This is used in a wide
variety of  applications,  many of which generate  revenue for the user (such as
reservation  centers or  customer  service  centers).  AT&T  offers a variety of
features to enhance  customers  toll free  service,  including  call  routing by
origination point and time of day routing.

         Business  Services  also offers a variety of calling  cards which allow
the user to  place  calls  from  virtually  anywhere  in the  world.  Additional
features  include  prepaid  calling  cards,  conference  calling,  international
origination, information service access (such as weather or stock quotes), speed
dialing and voice messaging.

         Business  Local  Services.   Local  carriers  provide  local  exchange,
exchange access, toll, and resold services;  sell, install and maintain customer
premises equipment;  and provide operator and directory services. The market for
local exchange  services  consists of a number of distinct  service  components.
These   service   components   are   defined  by  specific   regulatory   tariff
classifications  including:  (i) local network services, which generally include
basic dial tone charges and private line services; (ii) network access services,
which consist of access charges received by local exchange  carriers (LECs) from
long distance  carriers for the local transport and termination  portion of long
distance  telephone calls;  (iii) long distance network services,  which include
the  variable  portion  of  charges  received  by local  exchange  carriers  for
intra-LATA long distance calls; and (iv) additional value added services such as
caller  identification,  call waiting,  call  forwarding,  three way calling and
voice mail.

         AT&T     Business      Local's      customers      are      principally
telecommunications-intensive    businesses,    healthcare,    and    educational
institutions,  governmental  agencies,  long  distance  carriers and  resellers,
Internet service  providers,  disaster  recovery service  providers and wireless
communications and financial services companies. AT&T Business Local's centrally
managed  customer care and support  operations  are designed to  facilitate  the
installation  of new  services  and the  processing  of orders for  changes  and
upgrades in customer services.

         With a direct sales force in each of its markets,  AT&T Business  Local
initially targets the large telecommunications-intensive businesses concentrated
in the major  metropolitan  markets served by its networks.  AT&T Business Local
also targets small- and medium-sized  business  customers in office buildings or
multiple dwelling units already served by its network.

<PAGE>

         AT&T Business Local  generally  offers its services in accordance  with
applicable  tariffs  filed  with  state  regulatory   agencies  (for  intrastate
services).  AT&T  Business  Local  typically  offers local  service as part of a
package of services,  which can include any combination of other AT&T offerings.
Customers  also  choose  among  analog,  digital  voice-only  and  ISDN  Centrex
telephone lines to their desktops.  AT&T owns, houses, manages and maintains the
switch,  while customers  retain control over network  configurations,  allowing
customers to add, delete and move lines as needed. For local service,  customers
are billed a fixed charge plus usage.

         Data and Internet Services

         Enhanced  Data  Communications.   Enhanced  data  services  consist  of
interexchange   data  networks   utilizing  packet  switching  and  transmission
technologies  and  application  services,  such as Internet  access and Web Site
hosting and  management,  which utilize the frame relay  network.  Enhanced data
services enable customers to economically and securely transmit large volumes of
data typically  sent in bursts from one site to another.  Enhanced data services
are utilized for local area network (LAN) interconnection, remote site, point of
sale and branch office communications solutions.

         AT&T  utilizes  both  IP  and  ATM  systems.  Both  technologies  offer
significant  efficiencies  over  circuit  switched  systems  which use a single,
dedicated  circuit to complete each  transmission.  ATM switching is also a more
efficient  method  of  switching  and   transmitting   comingled  or  multimedia
information. The packet switching technology breaks up a transmission into short
pieces, or packets,  which are encoded and transmitted with other packets on the
same circuit, and reassembled at the desired destination. ATM differs from IP in
that the data packets used in ATM (called cells) are one size (53 bytes) whereas
in IP the data packets vary in length.  Also,  whereas ATM  establishes  virtual
circuits to ensure that the  information  sent is reassembled at its destination
in its proper  sequence,  IP ships each packet of information to its destination
by a different  path.  While AT&T will  continue to have both circuit and packet
switching  and  transmission  technologies  for some  time,  significant  future
capital expenditures are not scheduled for circuit switching.

         ISDN  services   provide   customers   with  multiple  voice  and  data
communications  services over a single  telecommunications  line.  The Company's
ISDN services allow customers to perform multiple functions such as simultaneous
voice and computer links, and enable the Company to offer customers  value-added
features.  High speed ISDN  applications  include  desk top video  conferencing,
interconnection of LANs and Internet access.

         AT&T  Business  Internet  Services.  AT&T  WorldNet  Business  Services
provides IP connectivity and IP value-added services,  messaging, and electronic
commerce  services to businesses.  AT&T offers Managed Internet  Service,  which
gives customers dedicated, high-speed access to the public Internet for business
applications  at a variety of speeds and types of  access,  as well as  Business
Dial Service, a dial-up version of Internet access designed to meet the needs of
small- and medium-sized businesses.

         AT&T Virtual Private Network (VPN) Service allows  businesses to obtain
remote  access to e-mail,  order  entry  systems,  employee  directories,  human
resources and other databases, or to create an Intranet and extranets with their
clients,  suppliers and business partners, and enables customers to tailor their
VPNs to accommodate specific business applications,  performance requirements or
the need to integrate with existing data networks.

<PAGE>

         AT&T Web Services are a family of hosting and transaction  services and
platforms serving the web needs of thousands of businesses.  Offers include AT&T
Shared  Hosting  Services,  an  economical  way for  businesses  to  establish a
presence on the World Wide Web, and AT&T  Enhanced Web  Development  Package for
businesses  that want to create web sites that require  higher  performance  and
greater user demand.  AT&T Dedicated  Hosting Service provides  customizable and
pre-packaged  Web hosting  solutions.  AT&T  SecureBuySM  Service  provides  the
backoffice   infrastructure  required  to  electronically  process  credit  card
transactions  online,  high-speed  links  into two of the  leading  credit  card
processing services, and management reports that measure a site's success.

         Other IP services AT&T offers let Web site visitors click on a "call me
now" icon if they wish to speak to a customer service agent;  connect enterprise
networks that use host or LAN-based and  browser-based  e-mail systems to AT&T's
value-added  messaging  services  such as  e-mail  and  fax;  and  enhanced  fax
services.

         Transport

         Business  Services  is  one  of  the  leaders  in  providing  wholesale
networking  services to other  carriers,  providing  both  network  capacity and
switched  services.  AT&T  offers  a  combination  of  high-volume  transmission
capacity,  conventional  dedicated line services and dedicated switched services
to  Internet  service  providers  (ISPs)  and  Tier 1 and Tier 2  carriers  on a
national or regional  basis,  as well as  switchless  resale  services to Tier 3
carriers.

         Wholesale   networking   service  is  typically  provided  pursuant  to
long-term service  agreements for terms of one year or longer.  These agreements
generally  provide for  payments at fixed rates based on the capacity and length
of the circuit used.  Customers are typically billed on a monthly basis and also
may incur an  installation  charge or certain  ancillary  charges for equipment.
After contract  expiration,  the contracts may be renewed or the services may be
provided on a month-to-month  basis.  Switched services agreements are generally
offered on a month-to-month  basis and the service is billed on a minutes-of-use
basis. More recently,  AT&T has also sold network capacity through  indefeasible
rights of use agreements under which capacity is furnished for contract terms as
long as 25 years.

CONSUMER SERVICES

         Long Distance Voice

         AT&T  is the  leading  provider  of  domestic  and  international  long
distance  service to residential  consumers in the United States.  AT&T provides
regular  and  custom  long  distance  communications  services  which it  offers
individually and in combination with other services.

         AT&T    provides    interstate    and    intrastate    long    distance
telecommunications   services  throughout  the  continental  United  States  and
provides, or joins in providing with other carriers, telecommunications services
to and from Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and international
telecommunications  services to and from  virtually all nations and  territories
around  the  world.  Consumers  can use AT&T  domestic  and  international  long
distance  services by the  traditional  "one plus"  dialing of the desired  call
destination, by dial-up access or through the use of AT&T calling cards.

<PAGE>

         AT&T both delivers and receives  international  traffic pursuant to its
operating  agreements with foreign  carriers  throughout the world. The terms of
most switched voice  operating  agreements,  as well as established  FCC policy,
require  that inbound  switched  voice  traffic from the foreign  carrier to the
United States be routed to United States international  carriers,  like AT&T, in
proportion to the  percentage of United States  outbound  traffic routed by that
United States international carrier to the foreign carrier.  AT&T's revenues and
costs of sales are sensitive to changes in  international  settlement  rates and
international traffic routing patterns.

         In  the  continental   United  States,   AT&T  provides  long  distance
telecommunications   services  over  AT&T's  backbone   network.   International
telecommunications  services are provided by  submarine  cable  systems in which
AT&T holds investment positions, satellites and facilities of other domestic and
foreign carriers.

         AT&T markets its consumer long distance  services in a variety of ways,
including by means of  television  advertising,  direct mail  solicitations  and
telephonic solicitations, as well as through brand awareness.

         AT&T charges  customers based on applicable  tariffs filed with the FCC
and individual states. Customers select different services and from various rate
plans which  determine the price per minute that they pay on their long distance
calls.  Rates  typically  vary based on a variety or factors,  particularly  the
volume of usage and the day and time that calls are made.

         Consumer Local Services

         Local  carriers  provide local  exchange,  exchange  access,  toll, and
resold  services;  and provide  operator and directory  services.  By the end of
1997,  AT&T offered resold local service to  residential  customers in 8 states.
Notwithstanding its substantial efforts, AT&T experienced significant difficulty
in entering local markets.  AT&T's ability to purchase combined network elements
from the  incumbent  LECs  (ILECs),  one of the  primary  methods  by which AT&T
intended to provide local service to residential customers, was severely limited
by, among other factors,  ILEC-sponsored  regulatory and judicial actions, and a
lack of operating  interfaces  necessary to process  network element orders with
ILECs.  In spite of strong  demand,  in the fourth  quarter of 1997 AT&T stopped
actively marketing resold local service to residential  customers in most of the
areas in which it offered such service  because of limitations on ILECs' ability
to handle  anticipated demand and because the wholesale rates AT&T received from
ILECs on the sale of such  service  were  insufficient  to make  resale a viable
method of offering service.

         AT&T intends to pursue local entry by transforming  the cable footprint
of one-way cable plant into a two-way,  broadband network capable of meeting the
full spectrum of communication needs of the residential  customer.  AT&T intends
to deploy a variety of  services  over the  upgraded  cable  plant,  including a
richly featured all distance (i.e., local, long distance,  international)  voice
telephony offering. AT&T has used existing circuit-switched  technology to pilot
telephony service offers over the cable plant beginning in 1999.  However,  AT&T
expects to begin to transition to an  integrated  Internet  protocol (IP) packet
data architecture by the end of 2000 that affords cost and feature benefits over
the older circuit-switched technology.

<PAGE>

         In addition, AT&T will pursue other transport options, including:

o        Expanding  AT&T's ability to offer the full range of consumer  services
         our  existing  cable  footprint  through a variety of  partnership  and
         investment initiatives;

o        Continued investment in alternative narrowband,  wideband and broadband
         access technologies,  including the fixed wireless technology that AT&T
         is  currently  testing  in  select  markets,  and the  construction  of
         dedicated,  high-capacity  access  facilities  to serve  the  broadband
         communication  needs  of  residential   customers  living  in  multiple
         dwelling units (MDUs); and

o        Using combinations of ILEC unbundled network elements,  as well as ILEC
         unbundled  loops (which can be combined with  switching,  transport and
         other  network  elements)  to  support  differentiated  voice  and data
         services.

         AT&T intends to use the AT&T Broadband  sales force actively to solicit
cable  customers as local  service  customers.  In these areas,  AT&T intends to
offer cable and local telephony as a bundle of services.  AT&T will market local
service in other areas as it rolls out its local telephony capabilities.

         For local service, customers are billed a fixed charge plus usage. AT&T
intends  to offer  rates  competitive  with those  offered  by LECs,  as well as
discounted offers for certain bundles of services.

         AT&T WorldNet(R) Consumer Services

         AT&T  offers  dial-up  Internet  access to  consumers  through its AT&T
WorldNet  Services,  a leading provider of direct Internet access service in the
United States.  At December 31, 1999,  AT&T WorldNet  service had  approximately
1.479 million customers.

         In 1998,  AT&T WorldNet  Services  entered into agreements with Yahoo!,
Excite and Lycos to offer co-branded access services to the portals'  customers.
For example,  a Yahoo!  customer may subscribe to Internet access through Yahoo!
Online Powered by AT&T WorldNet Services.  In these cases AT&T WorldNet Services
supplies the  underlying  access,  billing and customer  care,  while the portal
provides  the  content  in the form of a  personalizable  start  page and  other
popular features.

         In 1999, AT&T WorldNet  Services began offering members an AT&T branded
search  engine as part of  redesign  of the  Company's  web site,  and  enhanced
several other subscriber  features,  including increasing the disk storage space
for personal  web pages to 10  megabytes  for each e-mail id (six e-mail ids per
account,  60 megabytes  of disk  storage)  and  providing a template  that helps
members  build  personal web pages quickly and easily.  AT&T  WorldNet  Services
entered into a co-marketing arrangement with Sega, providing Internet access via
Sega's new Dreamcast game machine, and it received recognition as the top ISP in
the industry from PC Week, PC Magazine and Smart Money.

         AT&T  WorldNet  Services   generates   revenues   principally   through
subscription and usage fees, as well as from electronic commerce and advertising
revenues.  AT&T  WorldNet  Service  offers a variety  of pricing  plan  options,
including  bundled options.  Generally,  customers are charged a flat rate for a
certain number of hours with charges for each additional hour of usage.

<PAGE>

         AT&T WorldNet Services'  marketing programs are designed to attract and
retain profitable customers.  AT&T seeks to build brand recognition and customer
loyalty and to make it easy for  consumers to try, and stay with,  AT&T WorldNet
Services. In addition to direct marketing through brand name advertising, direct
mail and magazine insert  promotions and bundling offers,  AT&T WorldNet service
maintains a large  indirect  channel  marketing  effort.  Through this  indirect
channel AT&T WorldNet service  software is bundled in new computers  produced by
major manufacturers, and is included on millions of software titles published by
independent software vendors.

BROADBAND SERVICES

                  AT&T Broadband  offers a variety of services through its cable
broadband network,  including  traditional analog video and new services such as
digital cable and  AT&T@Home,  which offers  high-speed  cable  Internet  access
service.  Also included in AT&T  Broadband are the  operations  associated  with
developing  and  refining  the   infrastructure   that  will  support  broadband
telephony.

         Cable  television   systems  receive  video,  audio  and  data  signals
transmitted  by nearby  television  and radio  broadcast  stations,  terrestrial
microwave relay services and  communications  satellites.  Such signals are then
amplified and  distributed by coaxial cable and optical fiber to the premises of
customers who pay a fee for the service. In many cases, cable television systems
also originate and distribute local programming.

         At December  31,  1999,  approximately  74% of AT&T  Broadband's  cable
television  systems had bandwidth  capacities  ranging from 450 megahertz to 750
megahertz.  The Company's  cable  television  systems  generally  carry up to 80
analog channels.  Compressed digital video technology converts on average twelve
analog  signals (now used to transmit video and voice) into a digital format and
compresses  such signals (which is  accomplished  primarily by  eliminating  the
redundancies  in  television  imagery) into the space  normally  occupied by one
analog signal. The digitally compressed signal is uplinked to a satellite, which
retransmits  the signal to a customer's  satellite  dish or to a cable  system's
headend  to be  distributed,  via  optical  fiber  and  coaxial  cable,  to  the
customer's  home.  At the home, a set-top  video  terminal  converts the digital
signal into analog channels that can be viewed on a normal television set.

         Domestic   Basic-TV  cable  customers  served  by  AT&T  Broadband  are
summarized as follows (amounts in millions):

                                            Basic-TV customers at December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       1999     1998     1997     1996     1995
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Managed through AT&T Broadband's
  operating divisions                  11.3     11.4     14.2     13.4     11.9
Other non-managed subsidiaries of
  AT&T Broadband                        0.1      0.5      0.2      0.5      0.6
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
                                       11.4     11.9     14.4     13.9     12.5
                                      ======   ======   ======   ======   ======

<PAGE>

         During 1999,  AT&T  Broadband  completed two  transactions  in which it
contributed  cable  television  systems  serving in the aggregate  approximately
863,000 customers to two separate joint ventures in exchange for non-controlling
ownership interests in such joint ventures,  and the assumption and repayment by
the joint ventures of indebtedness.

         The  decline  in  total  Basic-TV  customers  between  1997 and 1998 is
attributable to certain  contribution  transactions entered into in 1998. In the
most  significant  of  these  transactions,  on March 4,  1998,  AT&T  Broadband
contributed  to  Cablevision  Systems  Corporation  (CSC)  certain  of its cable
television  systems  serving  approximately  830,000  customers  in exchange for
approximately  48.9  million  newly  issued CSC Class A common  shares  (the CSC
Transaction) and the assumption of indebtedness.

         In addition to the CSC  Transaction,  during 1998 AT&T  Broadband  also
completed eight transactions whereby AT&T Broadband contributed cable television
systems  serving in the  aggregate  approximately  1,924,000  customers to eight
separate joint ventures (collectively,  the 1998 Joint Ventures) in exchange for
non-controlling  ownership interests in each of the 1998 Joint Ventures, and the
assumption and repayment by the 1998 Joint Ventures of indebtedness.

         AT&T  Broadband had  approximately  1.8 million  digital  customers and
200,000 AT&T@Home customers at December 31, 1999.

         AT&T Broadband  operates cable television systems throughout the United
States.

         Service  Charges.  AT&T  Broadband  offers a  limited  "basic  service"
(Basic-TV)   (primarily   comprised  of  local  broadcast  signals  and  public,
educational  and  governmental  (PEG) access  channels)  and an "expanded  tier"
(primarily  comprised  of  specialized  programming  services,  in such areas as
health,  family  entertainment,   religion,   news,  weather,   public  affairs,
education,  shopping,  sports and  music).  The  monthly  fee for basic  service
generally  ranges  from $9.50 to $15.00,  and the  monthly  service  fee for the
expanded tier  generally  ranges from $15.00 to $21.50.  AT&T  Broadband  offers
"premium services" (referred to in the cable television industry as "Pay-TV" and
"pay-per-view") to its customers.  Such services consist  principally of feature
films, as well as live and taped sports events,  concerts and other programming.
AT&T  Broadband  also offers  Pay-TV  services  for a monthly  fee.  Charges are
usually discounted when multiple Pay-TV services are ordered. Customers may also
elect to subscribe to digital  video  services  comprised of up to 80 additional
video  channe;s  and  between  10 and 30  additional  audio  channels  featuring
additional   specialized   programming  and  premium   services  at  an  average
incremental monthly charge of $10.00.

         As further  enhancements to their cable services,  for a monthly charge
customers  may generally  rent  converters  or  converters  with remote  control
devices,  as well as purchase a channel guide. Also a nonrecurring  installation
charge is usually charged.

         Monthly fees for Basic-TV and Pay-TV  services to commercial  customers
vary widely depending on the nature and type of service.  Except under the terms
of certain  contracts to provide service to commercial  accounts,  customers are
free to discontinue service at any time without penalty.

         AT&T  Broadband  also offers  AT&T@Home,  a high speed  cable  Internet
access service, in some markets. Monthly charges for AT&T@Home range from $29.95
to $39.95.

<PAGE>

         The Cable  Television  Consumer  Protection and Competition Act of 1992
(the   1992   Cable   Act)  and  the   Telecommunications   Act  of  1996   (the
Telecommunications  Act,  together  with the 1992  Cable Act,  the Cable  Acts),
established  rules under which AT&T Broadband's  basic service and expanded tier
service  rates  and  equipment  and  installation  charges  are  regulated  if a
complaint is filed or if the appropriate franchise authority is certified.

         Local  Franchises.  Cable television  systems generally are constructed
and operated under the authority of nonexclusive permits or "franchises" granted
by local and/or state governmental authorities. Federal law, including the Cable
Communications  Policy  Act of 1984 (the 1984 Cable Act) and the 1992 Cable Act,
limits the power of the  franchising  authorities to impose  certain  conditions
upon cable  television  operators as a condition of the granting or renewal of a
franchise.

         Franchises  contain varying  provisions  relating to  construction  and
operation of cable television systems,  such as time limitations on commencement
and/or  completion of  construction;  quality of service,  including (in certain
circumstances) requirements as to the number of channels and broad categories of
programming  offered to  customers;  rate  regulation;  provision  of service to
certain  institutions;  provision of channels for public  access and  commercial
leased-use;   and  maintenance  of  insurance  and/or   indemnity  bonds.   AT&T
Broadband's franchises also typically provide for periodic payments of fees, not
to exceed 5% of revenue,  to the governmental  authority granting the franchise.
Additionally,  many franchises require payments to the franchising authority for
the funding of PEG access  channels.  Franchises  usually require the consent of
the franchising  authority prior to a transfer of the franchise or a transfer or
change in ownership or operating control of the franchisee.

         Subject to applicable  law, a franchise may be terminated  prior to its
expiration  date if the  cable  television  operator  fails to  comply  with the
material terms and conditions thereof.  Under the 1984 Cable Act, if a franchise
is lawfully terminated,  and if the franchising  authority acquires ownership of
the cable television system or effects a transfer of ownership to a third party,
such  acquisition or transfer must be at an equitable price or, in the case of a
franchise  existing  on the  effective  date of the 1984 Cable  Act,  at a price
determined in accordance with the terms of the franchise, if any.

         In connection with a renewal of a franchise,  the franchising authority
may require  the cable  operator to comply  with  different  and more  stringent
conditions than those originally imposed,  subject to the provisions of the 1984
Cable Act and other applicable federal, state and local law. The 1984 Cable Act,
as supplemented by the renewal provisions of the 1992 Cable Act,  establishes an
orderly  process for franchise  renewal which protects cable  operators  against
unfair denials of renewals when the operator's past performance and proposal for
future  performance  meet the standards  established by the 1984 Cable Act. AT&T
Broadband  believes  that its  cable  television  systems  generally  have  been
operated in a manner which  satisfies  such standards and allows for the renewal
of such franchises;  however,  there can be no assurance that the franchises for
such systems will be successfully renewed as they expire.

         Most of AT&T  Broadband's  present  franchises  had  initial  terms  of
approximately  10 to 15 years.  The  duration  of AT&T  Broadband's  outstanding
franchises  presently varies from a period of months to an indefinite  period of
time.  Approximately  one thousand of AT&T Broadband's  franchises expire within
the next five years. This represents approximately 25% percent of the franchises
held by AT&T Broadband and involves over 4 million basic customers.

<PAGE>

         Cable Telephony.  AT&T Broadband's  telephony pilot market  initiatives
progressed  on schedule in 1999.  As of December 31, 1999,  AT&T  Broadband  had
introduced  broadband  telephony  service to customers in 16 cities  within nine
pilot markets and had nearly 8,300 broadband  telephony  customers.  The markets
include the California Bay Area (including Fremont),  Chicago,  Dallas,  Denver,
Pittsburgh, Seattle, Salt Lake City, St. Louis and Portland, Oregon.

WIRELESS SERVICES

The AT&T Wireless Group Tracking Stock

         On March 14, 2000 the AT&T shareholders approved amendments to the AT&T
certificate of  incorporation  that would permit AT&T to create a separate class
of its common stock,  the AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock,  which would track
the  performance  of our wireless  business.  As of the date of filing this Form
10-K, no shares of the AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock were outstanding.

         The AT&T  Wireless  Group  includes  the results of certain  assets and
liabilities  which were not managed as part of the Wireless  Services segment in
1999.  AT&T Wireless  Group  tracking  stock is designed to reflect the separate
economic  performance of the AT&T Wireless Group.  Except as described below, we
attribute all of AT&T's current wireless  operations to the AT&T Wireless Group,
including:

o        all mobile and fixed wireless licenses,
o        all wireless networks, operations, cell sites,
         retail operations, wireless customer care
         facilities and customer location assets, and
o        interests in partnerships and affiliates providing
         wireless mobile communications in the United
         States and internationally.

         The AT&T Common Stock Group retains:

o        existing and future wireless activities that stem
         from country-specific joint venture relationships
         that are predominantly non-wireless, and
o        incidental wireless capabilities or links in any
         backbone or other communications network that is
         predominantly non-wireless.

         We currently  intend to include all future  wireless  activities in the
AT&T Wireless Group. Our board of directors may, however, in its discretion, but
subject to the AT&T Wireless Group policy  statement,  direct new businesses and
assets to the AT&T  Wireless  Group or the AT&T Common Stock Group or dispose of
or transfer businesses or assets of either group.

Business of the AT&T Wireless Group

         The  AT&T  Wireless  Group  is  one  of the  largest  wireless  service
providers in the United States,  based on approximately $7.6 billion in revenues
for the year ended December 31, 1999.  Including its  partnership  markets,  the
AT&T  Wireless  Group had over 12 million total  subscribers  as of December 31,
1999.

         The AT&T  Wireless  Group  operates  one of the  largest  U.S.  digital
wireless  networks.  The AT&T  Wireless  Group,  including its  partnership  and
affiliate markets,  currently holds 850 megahertz and 1900 megahertz licenses to

<PAGE>

provide  wireless   services   covering  94%  of  the  U.S.   population,   with
approximately  81% of the U.S.  population  covered by at least 30  megahertz of
wireless  spectrum as of December  31, 1999.  As of December 31, 1999,  the AT&T
Wireless  Group's built network,  including  partnership and affiliate  markets,
covered 65% of the U.S.  population.  This  includes  operations in 42 of the 50
largest U.S.  metropolitan  areas.  The AT&T Wireless Group  supplements its own
operations  with  roaming  agreements  that allow its  subscribers  to use other
providers'  wireless  services in regions where the AT&T Wireless Group does not
have operations.  Through these roaming  agreements,  the AT&T Wireless Group is
able to offer its  customers  wireless  services  covering  over 95% of the U.S.
population.

         Services and products

         The AT&T Wireless Group offers a variety of services for both voice and
data communications.  Service can include wireless voice transmission as well as
custom  calling  services  for  digital  services,   such  as  voicemail,   call
forwarding,  call  waiting,  caller ID,  three-way  calling,  no-answer and busy
transfer.  The AT&T  Wireless  Group  also  offers a variety  of other  enhanced
features,  including display messaging, which allows a cellular phone to receive
and store short alphanumeric  messages and pages and to provide subscribers with
notification  of voicemail  messages,  even if the handset is in use or switched
off,  extended  battery life and enhanced  directory  assistance,  which enables
callers to be connected to the party whose number was sought without  hanging up
and redialing.

         As a  packet-switched  network,  the  AT&T  Wireless  Group's  cellular
digital  packet data (CDPD)  network takes  advantage of the fact that with many
data applications, data is sent in bursts with intermittent quiet periods, which
allows many users to share the network  channel.  As a result,  relative to data
services carried over circuit-switched  analog or digital wireless networks, the
AT&T  Wireless  Group's  packet-switched  CDPD service is a  significantly  more
cost-effective means of sending data for the majority of applications because it
allows a channel to be shared by many users. For example, for many applications,
the AT&T Wireless  Group's  packet-switched  CDPD network allows it to offer its
customers  unlimited,  always-on usage,  most often for a flat monthly fee. This
makes its CDPD network service attractive for a variety of new applications.

         In the future,  the AT&T Wireless  Group expects a number of additional
applications will be developed,  including  e-commerce and shopping services and
services  that are  enhanced  by  information  about  the  user's  location.  By
providing or facilitating such applications, the AT&T Wireless Group believes it
can generate new revenue streams, as well as develop personalized  relationships
with its customers.

         The AT&T Wireless  Group offers a variety of products as complements to
its wireless  service,  including  handsets and  accessories,  such as chargers,
headsets,  belt clips,  faceplates and  batteries.  As part of its basic service
offering, the AT&T Wireless Group provides easy-to-use,  interactive menu-driven
handsets that can be activated over the air. These  handsets  primarily  feature
word prompts and menus rather than numeric codes to operate  handset  functions.
Some  handsets  allow  mobile  access to the  Internet.  In  addition,  the AT&T
Wireless Group offers tri-mode handsets, which are handsets compatible with PCS,
digital  cellular and analog cellular  frequencies  and service modes.  Tri-mode
handsets  permit  customers  to roam across a variety of wireless  networks  and
incorporates  AT&T's  intelligent  roaming  data base  (IRDB)  system.  The AT&T
Wireless  Group offers its  customers  use of Nokia,  Ericsson,  Mitsubishi  and
Motorola handsets.

<PAGE>

         The AT&T Wireless  Group  markets its wireless  services in its managed
markets under the AT&T brand name. It markets wireless  services to business and
residential  customers  through a direct  sales  force of 2,100,  through  sales
points of presence in approximately 390 AT&T company-owned  stores located in 36
states, and kiosks and other customer points of presence, including the Internet
and  inbound  call  centers,  and  through  local  and  national  non-affiliated
retailers  throughout the United States. The AT&T Common Stock Group sales force
also sells wireless  services to business and  residential  customers as part of
bundled  offerings  with  services  of the AT&T  Common  Stock  Group.  The AT&T
Wireless  Group  also  relies  upon  dealers  to  market  its  services  in some
locations.

         The  AT&T   Wireless   Group  charges  may  include  fees  for  service
activation,  monthly access,  per-minute airtime and customer-calling  features,
which may  include a fixed  number of  minutes or packets of data per month at a
set price and  generally  offers a variety  of  pricing  options,  most of which
combine a fixed  monthly  access fee for a fixed number of minutes or packets of
data and additional charges for usage in excess of those allotted. Customers may
also incur long distance and roaming fees.

         Fixed Wireless

         Fixed wireless  service  provides  customers with high speed  broadband
access coupled with wireline  quality voice access.  Fixed  wireless  provides a
high speed  packet  data  channel  which can be used by up to five data  devices
simultaneously (for example,  five personal computers  simultaneously  accessing
the Internet) at download  speeds of up to 512 kilobits per second.  The service
is expected to be capable of speeds of up to one megabit per second by mid 2000.
In addition,  fixed  wireless  can provide up to four lines of wireline  quality
voice telephony,  including custom calling features (e.g., call waiting,  caller
ID, three-way calling)  available today over wireline  networks.  Fixed wireless
was reported within the Consumer  Services segment in 1999, but will be included
in the AT&T Wireless Group in 2000.

         Other assets

         The AT&T  Wireless  Group  also  possesses  certain  other  assets  not
described above. The most significant of these assets include a number of equity
interests in domestic and international wireless operations and an air-to-ground
wireless operation.

         Domestically,  the AT&T  Wireless  Group  has  joint  ventures  with or
interests in a number of wireless operators,  including Telecorp PCS, Triton PCS
and Tritel Inc..  Internationally,  the AT&T Wireless Group owns one half of the
33.3%   equity   stake  in  Rogers   Cantel  it  holds   jointly   with  British
Telecommunications. The AT&T Wireless Group is the operating partner in wireless
ventures in Colombia, India and Taiwan. In 2000 the AT&T Wireless Group was also
allocated  one half the  interest  that  AT&T  possesses  in Japan  Telecom.  In
addition, subject to existing agreements or commitments, to the extent that AT&T
acquires any  international  wireless  investments in connection with its merger
with MediaOne,  AT&T intends to allocate those  investments to the AT&T Wireless
Group in exchange for fair and reasonable consideration.

         The Aviation  Communications  Division (ACD) of the AT&T Wireless Group
provides air-to-ground communications services. A minority ownership interest in
ACD is held by Rogers  Cantel.  ACD owns and operates a network of  ground-based
and  airborne  telecommunications  equipment  and related  assets  that  deliver
digital telephone service to commercial and private aircraft in North America.

<PAGE>

         Wireless network

         The AT&T  Wireless  Group's  ownership  position  in U.S.  markets  was
obtained through FCC auctions and the FCC lottery and settlement process as well
as through  acquisitions of, and purchases and exchanges of, licenses with other
cellular providers.

         Mobile voice network

         Coverage.  As of December 31, 1999,  the AT&T  Wireless  Group's  built
network,  including  partnership and affiliate markets,  covered 65% of the U.S.
population,  including  operations  in 42 of the 50  largest  U.S.  metropolitan
areas.  The AT&T Wireless Group provides  virtually  seamless  services over its
wireless  network,  which  operates  using both 850 megahertz and 1900 megahertz
licenses.  Where  agreements  are in place,  the AT&T Wireless  Group is able to
offer service to customers of other wireless  providers when they travel through
its service area,  and AT&T Wireless  Group  subscribers  can roam through other
wireless providers' service areas.

         Analog and digital  technologies.  The AT&T Wireless  Group offers both
analog and digital  service in its 850 megahertz  markets and digital service in
its 1900  megahertz  markets.  The AT&T  Wireless  Group  believes  that digital
technology   offers   many   advantages   over  analog   technology,   including
substantially  increased  network  capacity,   greater  call  privacy,  enhanced
services and features,  lower operating costs,  reduced  susceptibility to fraud
and the opportunity to provide improved data transmissions.  Moving customers to
digital  service has been a key component of the AT&T Wireless  Group's  overall
wireless  strategy.  Digital  service enables the AT&T Wireless Group to provide
added benefits and services to its customers,  including  extended battery life,
caller ID, text messaging and voicemail with message waiting indicator.

         TDMA network. The AT&T Wireless Group has chosen time division multiple
access  (TDMA)  technology  for its  digital  network.  TDMA  permits the use of
advanced  tri-mode  handsets  that allow for roaming  across  analog and digital
systems and across 850  megahertz  and 1900  megahertz  spectrums.  TDMA digital
technology allows for enhanced services and features, such as short alphanumeric
message  service,  extended battery life, added call security and improved voice
quality.  TDMA's  hierarchical cell structure enables the AT&T Wireless Group to
enhance  network  coverage  with  lower  incremental   investment   through  the
deployment of micro and pico, as opposed to macro,  cell sites. This enables the
AT&T Wireless  Group to offer  customized  billing  options and to track billing
information per individual cell site,  which is practical for advanced  wireless
applications  such as fixed  wireless and  wireless  office  applications.  TDMA
served an estimated 35 million subscribers  worldwide and 18 million subscribers
in North America as of December 31, 1999,  according to the  Universal  Wireless
Communications   Consortium,  an  association  of  TDMA  service  providers  and
manufacturers.  TDMA  equipment  is  available  from  leading  telecommunication
vendors such as Lucent,  Ericsson and Nortel Networks  Corporation.  A number of
other wireless service  providers have chosen code division mobile access (CDMA)
or global  system  for mobile  communications  (GSM) as their  digital  wireless
technology.

         CDPD network.  The AT&T Wireless Group's CDPD network  currently covers
89 million POPs,  which  represents over 60% of its built network,  and its CDPD
customers  can roam on the CDPD  networks of other  wireless  providers,  which,
together,  cover an  additional 72 million  POPs.  CDPD is an industry  standard
using Internet Protocol, which allows most applications written for the Internet
as well as many  corporate  applications  to run  efficiently  over the  network

<PAGE>

without  modification.  Using CDPD, data files and transactions are divided into
small  packets  and  sent  on  a  dedicated  wireless  channel.   In  many  data
applications,  data is sent in bursts with  intermittent  quiet periods.  Packet
transmission  technologies take advantage of this fact and allow user data to be
efficiently carried on the same network channel.  As a result,  relative to data
services carried over circuit-switched  analog or digital wireless networks, the
AT&T  Wireless  Group's  packet-switched  CDPD service is a  significantly  more
cost-effective means of sending data for the majority of applications because it
allows many users to share the same channel.

OTHER BUSINESSES

         AT&T Solutions

         AT&T Solutions,  established in 1995, provides outsourcing,  consulting
and networking integration services to large businesses. AT&T Solutions provides
clients with a broad array of professional  services to satisfy clients complete
networking technology needs.

         AT&T Solutions' offerings include operational and networking management
services  for  a  broad  range  of  computing  platforms,  including  mainframe,
mid-range  computers,  personal  computer  and  network  environments,  such  as
local-area  networks and wide-area  networks.  Most customers  execute long-term
contracts for AT&T Solutions networking services.

         AT&T   Solutions'   customers  are   generally   within  the  top  2000
multinational  corporations in the world. AT&T Solutions' sales force engages in
direct  solicitation of those customers as well as referrals from other units of
AT&T.

         International

         AT&T has  established a number of  international  alliances to increase
the reach and scope of AT&T's services and network over time and has invested in
certain  countries  in order to increase  the range of  services  AT&T offers in
those countries.

         International   operations  include   international   carrier  services
businesses,  international  online  services,  as well as  consolidated  foreign
operations such as frame relay services in the United  Kingdom.  AT&T also has a
number of international joint ventures and alliances, such as Alestra in Mexico,
AT&T Canada Corp., and Japan Telecom.

         On January 6, 2000 AT&T and British Telecommunications plc (BT) created
a global venture to serve the  communications  needs of multinational  companies
and the international calling needs of businesses around the world. The venture,
called Concert and owned equally by AT&T and BT, combined transborder assets and
operations of each company,  including  their existing  international  networks,
their international  traffic,  their transborder products for business customers
- --  including  an  expanding  set of  Concert  services  -- and  AT&T  and  BT's
multinational accounts in selected industry sectors.

         On June 1, 1999, AT&T Canada Corp. merged with MetroNet  Communications
Corp.,  Canada's largest competitive local exchange carrier.  Under the terms of
the merger  agreement,  AT&T  received 31 percent of the equity  interest and 23
percent of the voting  interest  in the  combined  entity in  exchange  for AT&T
Canada Corp. and ACC  TelEnterprises  Ltd. In addition,  AT&T agreed to purchase

<PAGE>

all of the  remaining  shares at the greater of the then  appraised  fair market
value or the accreted minimum price,  which initially is C$37.50 accreting after
June  30,  2000  at a rate  of  16%  per  annum,  compounded  quarterly.  If the
acquisition is not completed by June 30, 2003,  those shares,  along with AT&T's
shares,  would be sold  through an auction  process and AT&T will make whole the
other  shareholders  for the amount they would have been entitled to if AT&T had
purchased  the  shares.  The  completion  of the  acquisition  is subject to the
condition  that AT&T is permitted to acquire the shares under  Canada's  foreign
ownership  restrictions.  AT&T may acquire  the shares  prior to a change in the
ownership  restrictions  by developing a structure that addresses such ownership
restrictions.

LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS

         Telecommunications Act of 1996

         In  February   1996,  the   Telecommunications   Act  became  law.  The
Telecommunications  Act,  among  other  things,  was  designed  to foster  local
exchange  competition  by  establishing  a  regulatory  framework  to govern new
competitive entry in local and long distance  telecommunications  services.  The
Telecommunications Act will permit the Regional Bell Operating Companies (RBOCs)
to provide  interexchange  services originating in any state in its region after
demonstrating  to the FCC that such  provision  is in the  public  interest  and
satisfying the conditions for developing  local  competition  established by the
Telecommunications Act.

         In  August  1996,  the FCC  adopted  rules and  regulations,  including
pricing  rules  (the  "Pricing  Rules")  to  implement  the  local   competition
provisions of the  Telecommunications  Act,  including with respect to the terms
and conditions of interconnection  with LEC networks and the standards governing
the purchase of unbundled  network  elements and  wholesale  services from LECs.
These  implementing  rules rely on state public utilities  commissions (PUCs) to
develop the specific rates and procedures applicable to particular states within
the framework prescribed by the FCC.

         On July 18,  1997,  the  United  States  Court of  Appeals  for the 8th
Circuit  issued a decision  holding  that the FCC lacks  authority  to establish
pricing rules to implement the sections of the local  competition  provisions of
the  Telecommunications  Act applicable to interconnection with LEC networks and
the purchase of unbundled  network  elements and  wholesale  services from LECs.
Accordingly,  the Court  vacated  the rules  that the FCC had  adopted in August
1996,  and which had been stayed by the Court since  September  1996. On October
14,  1997,  the 8th  Circuit  Court of  Appeals  vacated  an FCC  Rule  that had
prohibited  incumbent LECs from separating network elements that are combined in
the LEC's  network,  except at the  request  of the  competitor  purchasing  the
elements.  This  decision  increased  the  difficulty  and  costs  of  providing
competitive  local  service  through  the  use  of  unbundled  network  elements
purchased from the incumbent LECs.

         On January 25, 1999,  the Unites States Supreme Court issued a decision
reversing  the 8th  Circuit  Court  of  Appeal's  holding  that  the  FCC  lacks
jurisdiction to establish  pricing rules applicable to  interconnection  and the
purchase of unbundled  network  elements,  and the Court of Appeal's decision to
vacate  the  FCC's  rule  prohibiting  incumbent  LECs from  separating  network
elements  that are  combined  in the LEC's  network.  The effect of the  Supreme
Court's  decision  is to  reinstate  the FCC's rules  governing  pricing and the
separation of unbundled network elements.  The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals will

<PAGE>

now consider the incumbent  LECs' claims that although the FCC has  jurisdiction
to  adopt  pricing  rule,  the  rules it  adopted  are not  consistent  with the
applicable  provisions of the Act. The Supreme Court also vacated the FCC's rule
identifying and defining the unbundled  network elements that incumbent LECs are
required to make  available to new  entrants,  and directed the FCC to reexamine
this issue in light of the standards mandated by the Act.

         In response to the Supreme  Court's  decision,  the FCC  completed  its
re-examination  of and released an order  identifying and defining the unbundled
network  elements  that  incumbent  LECs are  required to make  available to new
entrants.  That order  re-adopted  the original  list of elements,  with certain
exceptions. An association of incumbent LECs has appealed the FCC's order to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia  Circuit,  and asked
the  Court to hear the  appeal  on an  expedited  basis.  A number  of  parties,
including AT&T and other  incumbent  LECs, have petitioned the FCC to reconsider
and/or  clarify  its  order.  The FCC has moved to hold the  appeal in  abeyance
pending its disposition of the reconsideration petitions.

         In view of the proceedings  pending before the 8th Circuit, DC Circuit,
FCC and  state  PUCs,  there  can be no  assurance  that the  prices  and  other
conditions  established  in each state will provide for effective  local service
entry and competition or provide AT&T with new market opportunities.

         In  December  1999,  Bell  Atlantic  obtained  approval  to offer  long
distance  telecommunications  service in New York state,  the first time an RBOC
had received this approval under the Telecommunications Act. Bell Atlantic began
offering combined local and long distance service in January 2000.

         In  January  2000,  SBC  Communications,  Inc.  filed  with  the FCC an
application for authorization to offer long distance  telecommunications service
in Texas.  Under the  Telecommunications  Act,  the FCC is  required  to issue a
decision on the application by April 2000.

         Modification of Final Judgment of 1982

         Prior to 1996, AT&T and the RBOCs were subject to the provisions of the
Modification  of Final  Judgment  of 1982 (MFJ)  since its  implementation.  The
Telecommunications  Act  effectively  superseded  future  operation  of the MFJ.
Consequently, on April 11, 1996, Judge Harold Greene issued an order terminating
the MFJ.
         Regulation of Rates

         AT&T  is  subject  to the  jurisdiction  of the  FCC  with  respect  to
interstate and international rates, lines and services,  and other matters. From
July 1989 to October 1995, the FCC regulated AT&T under a system known as "price
caps" whereby AT&T's prices, rather than its earnings,  were limited. On October
12, 1995,  recognizing a decade of enormous  change in the long distance  market
and finding  that AT&T  lacked  market  power in the  interstate  long  distance
market,  the FCC reclassified AT&T as a "non-dominant"  carrier for its domestic
interstate services. As a result, AT&T became subject to the same regulations as
its long  distance  competitors  for such  services.  Thus,  AT&T was no  longer
subject to price cap  regulation  for these  services,  was able to file tariffs
that are presumed lawful on one day's notice,  and was free of other regulations
and reporting requirements that apply only to dominant carriers.

         In addition,  on October 31,  1996,  the FCC issued an order that would
have prohibited  non-dominant carriers,  including AT&T, from filing tariffs for

<PAGE>

their domestic interstate services.  AT&T and other parties have filed an appeal
of the FCC's order with the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.
In February 1997, the D.C.  Circuit stayed the  effectiveness of the FCC's order
pending appeal.  Oral argument has not yet been scheduled.  If the Court affirms
the FCC's order and lifts the stay, non-dominant carriers,  including AT&T, will
have to  utilize  mechanisms  other  than  tariffs  to  establish  the terms and
conditions that apply to domestic, interstate telecommunications services.

         Furthermore,  in May 1997,  the FCC adopted  three  orders  relating to
Price Caps, Access Reform, and Universal Service that substantially  revised the
level and structure of access charges that AT&T as a long distance  carrier pays
to incumbent  LECs.  AT&T has agreed to pass through to consumers any savings to
AT&T as a  result  of  access  charge  reform.  AT&T  began  implementing  these
reductions July 15, 1997. Consequently,  AT&T's results after June 1997 reflects
lower  revenue  per minute of usage and lower  access and other  interconnection
costs per minute of usage.

         The Price Cap Order  requires LECs to reduce their price cap indices by
6.5 percent  annually,  less an  adjustment  for  inflation,  which is likely to
result in a  reduction  in the  interstate  access  charges  that long  distance
carriers, such as AT&T, pay to LECs. The Access Charge Reform Order restructured
access  charges  so that  certain  costs  that do not vary  with  usage  will be
recovered on a flat-rate basis and permitted increased flat-rate  assessments on
multiline  business  customers  and on  residential  lines  beyond  the  primary
telephone line. This restructuring allows a reduction in access charges assessed
on long distance carriers on a usage basis. Finally, the Universal Service Order
(which represents an FCC mandated  contribution to support schools and libraries
and rural  health  care  programs,  high cost  support  and low  income  support
mechanisms  which  are paid to the  Universal  Service  Administrative  Company)
adopts a new  mechanism for funding  universal  service which expands the set of
carriers  that must  contribute  to  support  universal  service  from only long
distance  carriers to all  carriers,  including  LECs,  that provide  interstate
telecommunications  services.  Similarly,  the set of carriers  eligible for the
universal  service  support  has been  expanded  from only LECs to any  eligible
carrier  providing local service to a customer,  including AT&T as a new entrant
in local markets.  The Universal  Service Order also adopted measures to provide
discounts on  telecommunications  services,  Internet  access and inside wire to
eligible schools and libraries and rural health carrier providers.

         AT&T remains  subject to the statutory  requirements of Title II of the
Communications  Act. AT&T must offer service under rates,  terms and  conditions
that are just, reasonable and not unreasonably discriminatory;  it is subject to
the FCC's  complaint  process,  and it must give notice to the FCC and  affected
customers prior to discontinuance, reduction, or impairment of service. AT&T has
also made certain  commitments  that address  concerns that had been raised with
regard to the potential impact of declaring AT&T to be non-dominant, including a
three-year rate assurance for low income and low usage  residential  users and a
three-year  limit on, and 5 days  advance  notice  for,  rate  increases  on 800
directory assistance and analog private line services.

         AT&T's  international  private line  services  have been  classified as
non-dominant  for several years.  AT&T's  switched  international  services have
become subject to increased competition, similar to its domestic services and on
May 9, 1996,  the FCC  adopted  an order  reclassifying  AT&T as a  non-dominant
carrier for such  services.  AT&T has made certain  voluntary  commitments  that
address issues raised in that proceeding, including commitments: (i) to maintain
its annual average revenue per minute for international  residential calls at or

<PAGE>

below the 1995  level  through  May 9, 1999,  and in the event of a  significant
change that substantially  raises AT&T's costs, to provide the FCC five business
days notice prior to  implementing  rate  increases  that would raise the annual
average  revenue  per minute for such calls  above the 1995  level;  and (ii) to
maintain  certain  discount  calling plans providing at least a 15% discount off
basic pricing schedules until May 9, 1999. AT&T also made voluntary  commitments
relating to its operation of international cable facilities,  its negotiation of
settlement  agreements with foreign carriers and its  relationship  with foreign
partners.

         In  addition  to  the  matters  described  above  with  respect  to the
Telecommunications  Act, state public service commissions or similar authorities
having  regulatory  power over  intrastate  rates,  lines and services and other
matters regulate AT&T's local and intrastate communications services. The system
of regulation used in many states is rate-of-return regulation. In recent years,
many states have adopted  different  systems of  regulation,  such as:  complete
removal of rate-of-return regulation,  pricing flexibility rules, price caps and
incentive regulation.

         Wireless Regulatory Environment

         The FCC regulates the licensing, construction,  operation, acquisition,
sale and  resale of  wireless  systems  in the  United  States  pursuant  to the
Communications  Act of 1934 and the associated  rules,  regulations and policies
promulgated by the FCC.

Licensing of wireless services systems

         The AT&T Wireless Group owns protected geographic service area licenses
granted by the FCC to provide  cellular  service and PCS. It also owns  licenses
granted by the FCC to provide  point-to-multi-point  communications  services in
various bands, including significant licenses in the 37 to 39 gigahertz bands.

         A cellular system operates on one of two 25 megahertz  frequency blocks
that the FCC allocates for cellular radio service.  Cellular  systems  generally
are used for two-way  mobile voice  applications,  although they may be used for
data  applications and fixed wireless  services as well.  Cellular license areas
are  issued  for  either  metropolitan  service  areas or rural  service  areas.
Initially,  one of the two  cellular  licenses  available  in each  metropolitan
service  area or rural  service area was awarded to a local  exchange  telephone
company  by the  FCC,  while  the  other  license  was  awarded  either  through
competitive processes or lotteries.  Licenses were issued beginning in 1983, and
over the years numerous  license  transfers and corporate  reorganizations  have
obscured  the  original  pattern of  distributing  one set of  licenses to local
telephone  company  affiliates and the other to companies that do not have local
exchange service in the license area.

         A PCS system  operates on one of six  frequency  blocks  allocated  for
personal  communications  services.  PCS systems  generally are used for two-way
voice applications  although they may carry two-way data communications as well.
Narrowband  PCS systems,  in contrast,  are for non-voice  applications  such as
paging and data service and are separately licensed. For the purpose of awarding
PCS  licenses,  the FCC has  segmented  the United  States into 51 large regions
called major trading  areas,  which are comprised of 493 smaller  regions called
basic  trading  areas.  The FCC awarded two PCS licenses for each major  trading
area and four  licenses  for each  basic  trading  area.  Thus,  generally,  six
licensees  are  authorized  to compete in each area.  The two major trading area

<PAGE>

licenses authorize the use of 30 megahertz of spectrum. One of the basic trading
area  licenses is for 30 megahertz  of spectrum,  and the other three are for 10
megahertz  each. The FCC permits  licensees to split their licenses and assign a
portion, on either a geographic or frequency basis or both, to a third party.

         The FCC awarded  initial PCS licenses by auction.  Auctions  began with
the 30 megahertz major trading area licenses and concluded in 1998 with the last
of the basic trading area licenses.  However,  in March 1998, the FCC adopted an
order that allows troubled  entities that won PCS 30 megahertz  C-Block licenses
at auction to obtain  financial  relief from their  payment  obligations  and to
return some or all of their C-Block  licenses to the FCC for  reauctioning.  The
FCC completed the reauction of the returned licenses in April 1999. In addition,
certain of the C-block  licenses are  currently in bankruptcy  proceedings,  and
these licenses may be returned to the FCC for reauction.

         Under the FCC's current rules specifying  spectrum  aggregation  limits
affecting  wireless  licensees,  no  entity  may  hold  attributable  interests,
generally 20% or more of the equity of, or an officer or director position with,
the  licensee,  in licenses  for more than 45  megahertz  of PCS,  cellular  and
certain  specialized mobile radio services where there is significant overlap in
any  geographic  area.  Significant  overlap will occur when at least 10% of the
population  of the PCS  licensed  service  area is within  the  cellular  and/or
specialized mobile radio service area(s).  The FCC recently increased this limit
to 55 megahertz in  situations  in which a 25 megahertz  cellular  rural service
area is  attributed to a 30 megahertz PCS license.  These  spectrum  aggregation
rules are subject to a pending FCC  proceeding  that could  revise or  eliminate
them.

         All wireless  licenses  have a 10-year  term,  at the end of which term
they must be  renewed.  The FCC will  award a renewal  expectancy  to a wireless
licensee that has provided substantial service during its past license term, and
has  substantially  complied  with  applicable  FCC rules and  policies  and the
Communications  Act.  Licenses  may be  revoked  for cause and  license  renewal
applications  denied if the FCC  determines  that a renewal  would not serve the
public  interest.  FCC rules provide that  competing  renewal  applications  for
licenses  will  be  considered  in  comparative  hearings,   and  establish  the
qualifications  for  competing  applications  and the standards to be applied in
hearings.

         All wireless  licenses must satisfy  specified  coverage  requirements.
Cellular  licenses were required,  during the five years  following the grant of
the  license,  to  construct  their  systems to provide  service (at a specified
signal strength) to the territory  encompassed by their service area. Failure to
provide such coverage  resulted in reduction of the relevant license area by the
FCC.  All A and B block PCS  licensees  must  construct  facilities  that  offer
coverage to one-third of the population of the service area within five years of
the original  license  grants and to  two-thirds  of the  population  within ten
years.  All D and E block PCS licensees  must  construct  facilities  that offer
coverage to one-fourth of the population of the licensed area or "make a showing
of substantial  service in their license area" within five years of the original
license  grants.  Licensees that fail to meet the coverage  requirements  may be
subject to forfeiture of the license.

         For a period of up to five  years  after  the  grant of a PCS  license,
subject to  extension,  a  licensee  will be  required  to share  spectrum  with
existing  licensees  that operate  certain fixed  microwave  systems  within its
license area under circumstances where  interconnection is not available through

<PAGE>

the local exchange  carrier or the  competitive  local exchange  carrier.  In an
effort to balance the competing  interests of existing microwave users and newly
authorized PCS licensees, the FCC has adopted a transition plan to relocate such
microwave  operators to other spectrum blocks and a cost sharing plan so that if
the  relocation  of an  incumbent  benefits  more than one PCS  licensee,  those
licensees will share the cost of the relocation. Initially, this transition plan
allowed  most  microwave  users to operate in the PCS  spectrum  for a voluntary
two-year  negotiation period and an additional  mandatory  one-year  negotiation
period.  For public  safety  entities  that  dedicate a majority of their system
communications  to police,  fire or emergency medical services  operations,  the
voluntary  negotiation  period  is three  years,  with an  additional  mandatory
two-year   negotiation   period.  In  1998,  the  FCC  shortened  the  voluntary
negotiation  period by one year, without  lengthening the mandatory  negotiation
period, for non-public safety PCS licensees in the C, D, E and F Blocks. Parties
unable to reach agreement  within these time periods may refer the matter to the
FCC for  resolution,  but the incumbent  microwave user is permitted to continue
its operations until final FCC resolution of the matter. The transition and cost
sharing  plans  expire  on April 4,  2005,  at which  time  remaining  microwave
incumbents in the PCS spectrum will be  responsible  for the costs of relocating
to alternate spectrum locations.

         Wireless  systems are subject to certain FAA regulations  governing the
location,  lighting and construction of transmitter  towers and antennas and are
subject  to  regulation   under  federal   environmental   laws  and  the  FCC's
environmental  regulations.  State or local zoning and land use regulations also
apply to tower  siting  and  construction  activities.  We expect to use  common
carrier  point-to-point  microwave  facilities to connect certain  wireless cell
sites,  and to link them to the main  switching  office.  The FCC licenses these
facilities  separately  and they  are  subject  to  regulation  as to  technical
parameters and service.

         The Communications Act preempts state and local regulation of the entry
of, or the rates charged by, any provider of private  mobile radio service or of
commercial mobile radio service,  which includes PCS and cellular  service.  The
FCC does not regulate  commercial  mobile radio service or private  mobile radio
service rates.  However,  commercial  mobile radio service  providers are common
carriers and are required under the  Communications  Act to offer their services
to the public without  unreasonable  discrimination.  The FCC's rules  currently
require  providers  to  permit  others to resell  their  services  for a profit;
however, these rules will expire in 2002.

         Transfers and assignments of cellular and PCS
licenses

         The  Communications  Act and FCC rules require the FCC's prior approval
of the  assignment  or  transfer  of control of a license  for a PCS or cellular
system. In addition,  the FCC has established  transfer disclosure  requirements
that require  licensees who assign or transfer  control of a PCS license  within
the first three years of their license terms to file  associated sale contracts,
option agreements, management agreements or other documents disclosing the total
consideration  that the  licensee  would  receive in return for the  transfer or
assignment of its license.  Non-controlling interests in an entity that holds an
FCC license  generally may be bought or sold without FCC approval subject to the
FCC's  spectrum  aggregation  limits.  However,  notification  and expiration or
earlier  termination  of the  applicable  waiting period under Section 7A of the
Clayton Act by either the Federal Trade  Commission or the Department of Justice
may be required,  as well as approval by state or local  regulatory  authorities

<PAGE>

having competent  jurisdiction,  if we sell or acquire PCS or cellular interests
over a certain size.

         Foreign ownership

         Under existing law, no more than 20% of an FCC licensee's capital stock
may be owned,  directly or  indirectly,  or voted by non-U.S.  citizens or their
representatives,  by a foreign government or its representatives or by a foreign
corporation.  If an FCC licensee is controlled by another entity, as is the case
with our ownership  structure,  up to 25% of that entity's  capital stock may be
owned or voted by  non-U.S.  citizens  or their  representatives,  by a  foreign
government or its representatives or by a foreign corporation. Foreign ownership
above the 25% level may be allowed  should the FCC find such  higher  levels not
inconsistent  with the public interest.  The FCC has ruled that higher levels of
foreign ownership, even up to 100%, are presumptively consistent with the public
interest  with  respect  to  investors  from  certain  nations.  If our  foreign
ownership  were to exceed  the  permitted  level,  the FCC could  revoke our FCC
licenses,  although we could seek a declaratory ruling from the FCC allowing the
foreign  ownership  or take  other  actions  to  reduce  our  foreign  ownership
percentage in order to avoid the loss of our  licenses.  We have no knowledge of
any present foreign ownership in violation of these restrictions.

         Recent regulatory developments

         The FCC has announced rules for making emergency 911 services available
by cellular, PCS and other commercial mobile radio service providers,  including
enhanced 911 services that provide the caller's  telephone number,  location and
other useful  information.  The original  timetable  required  commercial mobile
radio  services  providers to be able to process and transmit 911 calls  without
call   validation,   including   those  from  callers  with  speech  or  hearing
disabilities,  by late  1997.  Additionally,  commercial  mobile  radio  service
providers  are  required  to take  actions  enabling  them to  relay a  caller's
automatic number  identification and cell site if requested to do so by a public
safety  dispatch agency that agreed to reimburse the provider for the additional
expenses  incurred to provide those  services.  In October 1999, the FCC revised
its rules to eliminate any  requirement  that such agencies  reimburse  wireless
providers. In a companion order issued earlier in the fall of 1999, the FCC also
modified rules requiring  commercial  mobile radio service  providers to provide
information on the location of a 911 call. The modified rules allow providers to
use either network or  handset-based  technologies to provide such  information.
However,  providers are not  permitted to recover their costs of deploying  such
technologies from dispatch agencies.

         The FCC has granted  waivers of the  requirement to provide 911 service
to users with speech or hearing  disabilities to various providers,  and we have
obtained a waiver.  On June 9, 1999,  the FCC also  adopted  rules  designed  to
ensure that analog  cellular calls to 911 are completed.  These rules,  which do
not apply to digital cellular  service or to PCS, give each cellular  provider a
choice of three ways to meet this requirement.  State actions  incompatible with
the FCC rules are subject to preemption.

         On  August  8,  1996,  the FCC  released  its  order  implementing  the
interconnection  provisions of the Telecommunications  Act. Although many of the
provisions  of this order were struck down by the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit,  on January 25, 1999, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the Eighth
Circuit and upheld the FCC in all respects  material to our operations.  On June
10, 1999, the Eighth Circuit issued an order requesting briefs on certain issues

<PAGE>

it did not  address in its  earlier  order,  including  the  pricing  regime for
interconnection.  While  appeals have been  pending,  the rationale of the FCC's
order has been  adopted by many states'  public  utility  commissions,  with the
result that the charges that  cellular  and PCS  operators  pay to  interconnect
their  traffic  to  the  public   switched   telephone   network  have  declined
significantly from pre-1996 levels.

         In  its   implementation  of  the   Telecommunications   Act,  the  FCC
established federal universal service requirements that affect commercial mobile
radio service operators.  Under the FCC's rules, commercial mobile radio service
providers are potentially  eligible to receive  universal  service subsidies for
the first time;  however,  they are also  required to  contribute to the federal
universal  service  fund and can be required to  contribute  to state  universal
funds.  Many states also are moving forward to develop state  universal  service
fund  programs.  A number of these state funds  require  contributions,  varying
greatly from state to state, from commercial mobile radio service providers. The
FCC's  universal  service  order was  modified  on  appeal in the U.S.  Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The court's ruling has had the effect of reducing
commercial  mobile radio  service  provider  support  payments  required for the
federal universal service programs.

         On August 1, 1996,  the FCC released a report and order  expanding  the
flexibility of cellular, PCS and other commercial mobile radio service providers
to provide fixed as well as mobile services.  These fixed services include,  but
need not be limited to, wireless local loop services,  for example, to apartment
and office buildings, and wireless backup services to private branch exchange or
switchboards  and local area networks,  to be used in the event of interruptions
due to weather or other  emergencies.  The FCC has not yet decided whether fixed
services provided on a co-primary basis to mobility services should be subjected
to  universal  service  obligations,  or  how  such  fixed  services  should  be
regulated,  but  it has  proposed  a  presumption  that  they  be  regulated  as
commercial mobile radio service services.  If the fixed services are provided as
an ancillary service to a carrier's mobility services,  the FCC has decided that
such fixed services should be regulated as commercial mobile radio services.

         The FCC has adopted  rules on telephone  number  portability  that will
enable  customers to migrate their  landline and cellular  telephone  numbers to
cellular or PCS providers and from a cellular or PCS provider to another service
provider. On February 8, 1999, the FCC extended the deadline for compliance with
this requirement to November 24, 2002,  subject to any later  determination that
number portability is necessary to conserve telephone numbers.  The FCC has also
adopted  rules  requiring  cellular and PCS  providers  to provide  functions to
facilitate  electronic  surveillance  by law  enforcement  officials by June 30,
2000,  and has  proposed  to adopt  certain  additional  obligations  furthering
provision of these functions.  Representatives  of the cellular and PCS industry
are  challenging  the  surveillance  rules.  Additionally,  it is not clear that
commercial mobile radio service providers will be able to comply with the rules'
compatibility  requirements by the current  deadline of June 30, 2000; nor is it
clear  whether  the FCC will grant  waivers to extend the  deadline  or what the
scope of penalties for failing to comply may be.

         The FCC has determined  that the interstate,  interexchange  offerings,
commonly  referred to as long  distance,  of  commercial  mobile  radio  service
providers  are  subject to the  interstate,  interexchange  rate  averaging  and
integration  provisions of the Communications Act. Rate averaging requires us to
average our  interstate  long  distance  commercial  mobile radio  service rates
between high cost and urban  areas.  The FCC has delayed  implementation  of the

<PAGE>

rate  integration  requirements  with  respect  to wide area rate plans we offer
pending  further  reconsideration  of  its  rules.  The  FCC  also  delayed  the
requirement  to integrate  commercial  mobile radio service long distance  rates
among commercial mobile radio service affiliates.  On December 31, 1998, the FCC
reaffirmed,  on  reconsideration,  that its interexchange rate integration rules
apply  to  interexchange  commercial  mobile  radio  service  services.  The FCC
announced it would  initiate a further  proceeding to determine how  integration
requirements  apply  to  typical  commercial  mobile  radio  service  offerings,
including one-rate plans.  Until this further  proceeding is concluded,  the FCC
will enforce  long  distance  rate  integration  on our  services  only where we
separately  state a long distance toll charge and bill to our customers.  To the
extent that the AT&T Wireless  Group offers  services  subject to the FCC's rate
integration and averaging requirements,  these requirements generally reduce its
pricing  flexibility.  We cannot  assure you that the FCC will decline to impose
rate integration or averaging requirements on the AT&T Wireless Group or decline
to require it to integrate  its  commercial  mobile radio  service long distance
rates across its commercial mobile radio service affiliates.

         The FCC  recently  adopted  new  rules  limiting  the  use of  customer
proprietary  network information by  telecommunications  carriers in marketing a
broad range of telecommunications  and other services to their customers and the
customers  of  affiliated  companies.  The rules were struck down by the federal
circuit  court in 1999,  and their  effectiveness  has been  stayed  pending the
court's review of a petition to the FCC for  reconsideration.  Even if the rules
are  reinstated,  the AT&T  Wireless  Group does not  anticipate  that they will
result in a significant  adverse  impact on its financial  position,  results of
operation or liquidity.

         In addition,  state commissions have become increasingly  aggressive in
their efforts to conserve numbering resources. These efforts may impact wireless
service providers  disproportionately  by imposing  additional costs or limiting
access to numbering  resources.  Examples of state conservation methods include:
number  pooling,  number  rationing  and code  sharing.  A number of states have
petitioned the FCC for authority to adopt  "technology  specific"  overlays that
would require wireless  providers to obtain telephone  numbers out of a separate
area  code  and may  require  wireless  providers  to  change  their  customers'
telephone numbers. The FCC approval and the states' subsequent implementation of
such "technology  specific overlays" could increase wireless  providers' cost of
doing business and impact their ability to market services. On June 2, 1999, the
FCC released a notice of proposed rulemaking soliciting comments on a variety of
administrative   and  technical  measures  that  would  promote  more  efficient
allocation  and use of  numbering  resources.  Adoption of some of the  proposed
methods could have a disproportionate impact on commercial mobile radio services
providers.

         The FCC is also  considering  adopting rules to govern customer billing
by  commercial  mobile radio  services  providers  and applied a number of these
rules to commercial  mobile radio service  providers.  The FCC adopted  detailed
billing  rules  for  landline   telecommunications   service  providers  and  is
considering  whether to extend the remaining  rules to  commercial  mobile radio
services providers.  The FCC may require that more billing detail be provided to
consumers,  which could add to the expense of the billing process as systems are
modified to conform to any new requirements. The FCC also is considering whether
carriers  that  decide  to  pass  through  their  mandatory   universal  service
contributions   to  their  customers  should  be  required  to  provide  a  full
explanation  of the program,  and whether to ensure that the carriers  that pass
through their  contribution  do not recover amounts greater than their mandatory

<PAGE>

contributions  from their  customers.  Adoption  of some of the FCC's  proposals
could increase the complexity of our billing  processes and restrict our ability
to bill customers for services in the most commercially advantageous way.

         The FCC has  adopted  an  order  that  determines  the  obligations  of
telecommunications  carriers to make their  services  accessible to  individuals
with disabilities.  The order requires  telecommunications services providers to
offer  equipment and services that are accessible to and useable by persons with
disabilities.  While the rules exempt  telecommunications  carriers from meeting
general  disability  access   requirements  if  such  results  are  not  readily
achievable,  it is not clear how liberally the FCC will construe this exemption.
Accordingly,  the rules  require us to make  material  changes  to our  network,
product line, or services at our expense.

         In June 1999, the FCC initiated an administrative rulemaking proceeding
to help  facilitate  the offering of calling party pays as an optional  wireless
service.  Under the calling party pays service,  the party placing the call to a
wireless customer pays the wireless airtime charges.  Most wireless customers in
the United States now pay both to place calls and to receive them. Adoption of a
calling  party pays system on a widespread  basis could make  commercial  mobile
radio   service   providers   more   competitive   with   traditional   landline
telecommunications providers for the provision of regular telephone service.

         State regulation and local approvals

         State and local governments are preempted from regulating either market
entry by, or the rates of, wireless  operators.  However,  state governments can
regulate other terms and conditions of wireless  service and several states have
imposed  (or have  proposed  legislation  that  will  impose)  various  consumer
protection  regulations on the wireless  industry.  States also may impose their
own universal  service support regimes on wireless and other  telecommunications
carriers,  similar to the requirements that have been established by the FCC. At
the local level,  wireless  facilities  typically are subject to zoning and land
use regulation. State and local jurisdictions may also impose some conditions on
a driver's use of wireless technology while operating a motor vehicle.  However,
under the federal  Telecommunications  Act, neither local nor state  governments
may  categorically  prohibit  the  construction  of wireless  facilities  in any
community.

         Cable Regulation and Legislation

         The operation of cable television  systems is extensively  regulated by
the  FCC,   some   state   governments   and   most   local   governments.   The
Telecommunications  Act  removes  barriers  to  competition  in both  the  cable
television  market and the local telephone market and reduces the scope of cable
rate regulation.

         The  Telecommunications  Act  required  the FCC to  implement  numerous
rulemakings,  the final outcome of which cannot yet be  determined  due to court
challenges. Moreover, Congress and the FCC have frequently revisited the subject
of cable  television  regulation  and may do so again.  Future  legislative  and
regulatory  changes could adversely  affect AT&T  Broadband's  operations.  This
section  briefly  summarizes key laws and  regulations  currently  affecting the
growth and operation of AT&T Broadband's cable systems.

         Cable Rate  Regulation.  The 1992 Cable Act imposed an  extensive  rate
regulation regime on the cable television industry, which limited the ability of

<PAGE>

cable  companies  to increase  subscriber  fees.  Under that  regime,  all cable
systems  were  subjected  to  rate  regulation,  unless  they  faced  "effective
competition" in their local franchise area.  Federal law now defines  "effective
competition"  on  a  community-specific   basis  as  requiring  satisfaction  of
conditions rarely satisfied in the current marketplace.

         Although the FCC  establishes  all cable rate rules,  local  government
units  (commonly  referred  to as local  franchising  authorities  or LFAs)  are
primarily  responsible for  administering  the regulation of the lowest level of
cable -- the basic service tier (BST),  which typically contains local broadcast
stations and PEG access channels.  Before an LFA begins BST rate regulation,  it
must certify to the FCC that it will follow  applicable  federal rules, and many
LFAs have  voluntarily  declined  to  exercise  this  authority.  LFAs also have
primary  responsibility for regulating cable equipment rates. Under federal law,
charges for various types of cable  equipment  must be unbundled from each other
and from monthly charges for programming services, and priced no higher than the
operator's actual cost, plus an 11.25% rate of return.

         The  FCC  historically   administered  rate  regulation  of  any  cable
programming  service tiers (CPST),  which typically contain  satellite-delivered
programming.  Under the  Telecommunications  Act, the FCC's  ability to regulate
CPST rates  expired on March 31, 1999.  The FCC has taken the  position  that it
will  adjudicate  pending CPST complaints but will strictly limit its review and
possible refund orders to the time period predating March 31, 1999.

         Cable  Entry  Into   Telecommunications.   The  Telecommunications  Act
provides  that no state or local laws or  regulations  may  prohibit or have the
effect of  prohibiting  any entity from  providing any  interstate or intrastate
telecommunications   service.   States  are  authorized,   however,   to  impose
"competitively  neutral" requirements regarding universal service, public safety
and  welfare,  service  quality,  and  consumer  protection.   State  and  local
governments  also retain  their  authority  to manage the public  rights-of-way.
Although the  Telecommunications  Act clarifies that traditional cable franchise
fees may be based only on revenues  related to the provision of cable television
services,  it also  provides  that LFAs may  require  reasonable,  competitively
neutral  compensation  for  management  of the public  rights-of-way  when cable
operators  provide  telecommunications  service.  In 1999,  there  were  several
conflicting and  inconclusive  federal court decisions that addressed the issues
of  lawful  "management  of  the   right-of-ways"  and  "competitively   neutral
compensation."  The  Telecommunications  Act prohibits LFAs from requiring cable
operators to provide  telecommunications service or facilities as a condition of
a franchise  grant,  renewal or  transfer,  except that LFAs argue they can seek
"institutional  networks" as part of such franchise negotiations.  The favorable
pole  attachment  rates  afforded  cable  operators  under  federal  law  can be
increased  by utility  companies  owning the poles  during a five year  phase-in
period  beginning in 2001,  if the cable  operator  provides  telecommunications
service, as well as cable service,  over its plant. The FCC has clarified that a
cable  operator's  provision of Internet  service does not affect the  favorable
pole rates.

         Cable entry into  telecommunications will be affected by the regulatory
landscape  now being  fashioned  by the FCC and state  regulators.  One critical
component of the  Telecommunications Act intended to facilitate the entry of new
telecommunications  providers (including cable operators) is the interconnection
obligation  imposed  on all  telecommunications  carriers.  This  requires,  for
example,  that the incumbent  local  telephone  company must allow new competing
telecommunications  providers  to  connect to the local  telephone  distribution

<PAGE>

system.  In a January 1999 decision,  the United States Supreme Court upheld the
FCC's fundamental interconnection requirements.

         Cable Systems Providing Internet Service.  Although there is at present
no significant federal regulation of cable system delivery of Internet services,
and the FCC recently  issued several reports finding no immediate need to impose
such  regulation,  this  situation  may  change as cable  systems  expand  their
broadband  delivery of Internet  services.  In  particular,  proposals have been
advanced at the FCC and Congress that would  require cable  operators to provide
access to unaffiliated  Internet service providers and online service providers.
Additionally,  some local franchising authorities are considering the imposition
of mandatory Internet access requirements as part of cable franchise renewals or
transfers.  A federal  district court in Portland,  Oregon  recently  upheld the
legal ability of local franchising authorities to impose such conditions, but an
appeal was filed with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, oral argument has been
held and the parties  are  awaiting a decision.  Other  local  authorities  have
imposed or may impose mandatory Internet access requirements on cable operators.
Finally, several states are considering legislation that would require mandatory
access for unafffiliated  Internet service providers.  These developments could,
if they become  widespread,  burden the capacity of cable systems and complicate
and delay plans for providing Internet service.

         Telephone Company Entry Into Cable Television.  The  Telecommunications
Act allows  telephone  companies  to compete  directly  with cable  operators by
repealing the historic telephone  company/cable company  cross-ownership ban and
the FCC's video dialtone regulations. This will allow LECs, including the RBOCs,
to compete with cable operators both inside and outside their telephone  service
areas.  Because of their resources,  LECs could be formidable  competitors,  and
certain LECs have begun offering cable service.

         Under the Telecommunications Act, a LEC or other entity providing video
programming  to  customers  will be regulated as a  traditional  cable  operator
(subject to local franchising and federal  regulatory  requirements),  unless it
elects to provide its  programming  via an "open  video  system"  (OVS).  It was
anticipated  that the primary  benefit of using an OVS  regulatory  model was to
avoid the need to obtain a local franchise prior to providing services. However,
a January 1999 federal court of appeals  decision held that OVS providers can be
required to obtain such a franchise. To be eligible for OVS status, the provider
cannot occupy more than one-third of the system's activated channels when demand
for channels  exceeds  supply.  Nor can it  discriminate  among  programmers  or
establish unreasonable rates, terms or conditions for service.

         Although LECs and cable operators can now expand their offerings across
traditional service boundaries,  the general  prohibitions remain on LEC buyouts
(i.e., any ownership interest exceeding 10 percent) of co-located cable systems,
cable operator buyouts of co-located LEC systems, and joint ventures among cable
operators and LECs in the same market. The Telecommunications Act provides a few
limited exceptions to this buyout prohibition.

         Electric Utility Entry Into
Telecommunications/Cable Television.  The
Telecommunications  Act provides that registered  utility holding  companies and
subsidiaries may provide telecommunications services,  information services, and
other   services  or  products   subject  to  the   jurisdiction   of  the  FCC,
notwithstanding  the Public Utilities  Holding Company Act.  Electric  utilities
must  establish  separate  subsidiaries,  known  as  "exempt  telecommunications
companies" and must apply to the FCC for operating authority.  Again, because of
their resources, electric utilities could be formidable competitors.

<PAGE>

         Cable  Television  Ownership  Restrictions.  Pursuant to the 1992 Cable
Act, the FCC adopted regulations establishing a 30% limit on the number of homes
nationwide  that a cable  operator may reach  through  cable systems in which it
holds an attributable  interest with an increase to 35% if the additional  cable
systems  are  minority  controlled.  The FCC  stayed  the  effectiveness  of its
ownership  limits  pending  the appeal of a September  16, 1993  decision by the
United States  District  Court for the District of Columbia  which,  among other
things, found unconstitutional the provision of the 1992 Cable Act requiring the
FCC to establish such ownership  limits.  If the ownership limits are determined
on appeal to be  constitutional,  they may affect  AT&T  Broadband's  ability to
acquire attributable interests in additional cable systems including the pending
MediaOne Merger.

         The FCC recently  completed  its  reconsideration  of both the national
subscriber  cap formula and the manner in which cable  ownership is  attributed.
Although the new FCC formula  increased the number of subscribers AT&T Broadband
may "own",  it is not yet clear  under the new  attribution  rules  whether  the
pending MediaOne Merger will be considered compliant with the new ownership cap.

         The FCC previously adopted  regulations  limiting carriage by the cable
operator  of  national  programming  services  in which that  operator  holds an
attributable  interest  to 40% of the  activated  channels  on each of the cable
operator's systems.  The rules provide for the use of two additional channels or
a 45% limit,  whichever is greater,  provided that the additional channels carry
minority  controlled  programming  services.  The regulations  also  grandfather
existing carriage  arrangements which exceed the channel limits, but require new
channel  capacity to be devoted to unaffiliated  programming  services until the
system achieves compliance with the regulations.  These channel occupancy limits
apply only up to 75 activated channels on the cable system, and the rules do not
apply to local or regional programming services.

         The   Telecommunications   Act  eliminates  statutory  restrictions  on
broadcast/cable     cross-ownership     (including    broadcast    network/cable
restrictions),  but leaves in place existing FCC regulations  prohibiting  local
cross-ownership   between   television   stations   and   cable   systems.   The
Telecommunications   Act  leaves  in  place  existing   restrictions   on  cable
cross-ownership   with   Satellite   Master  Antenna   Television   (SMATV)  and
multi-channel  multi-point  distribution  systems (MMDS)  facilities,  but lifts
those restrictions where the cable operator is subject to effective competition.
In January  1995,  however,  the FCC  adopted  regulations  which  permit  cable
operators to own and operate SMATV systems within their franchise area, provided
that such operation is consistent with local cable franchise requirements.

         Must   Carry/Retransmission   Consent.  The  1992  Cable  Act  contains
broadcast signal carriage  requirements  that allow local commercial  television
broadcast  stations to elect once every three  years  between  requiring a cable
system to carry the station  ("must  carry") or  negotiating  for  payments  for
granting permission to the cable operator to carry the station  ("retransmission
consent").  Less popular  stations  typically elect must carry, and more popular
stations typically elect retransmission  consent. Must carry requests can dilute
the appeal of a cable system's programming offerings, and retransmission consent
demands  may  require   substantial   payments  or  other  concessions  (e.g.  a
requirement that the cable system also carry the local broadcaster's  affiliated
cable programming  service).  Either option has a potentially  adverse effect on
AT&T Broadband's  business.  The burden  associated with must-carry  obligations
could  dramatically  increase if  television  broadcast  stations  proceed  with
planned  conversions  to digital  transmissions  and if the FCC  determines in a
pending  rulemaking that cable systems must carry all analog and digital signals
transmitted by the television stations.

<PAGE>

         Access Channels.  LFAs can include franchise provisions requiring cable
operators to set aside certain channels for PEG access programming.  Federal law
also  requires a cable system with 36 or more channels to designate a portion of
its activated  channel capacity (either 10% or 15%) for commercial leased access
by unaffiliated  third parties.  The FCC has adopted rules regulating the terms,
conditions  and  maximum  rates  a cable  operator  may  charge  for use of this
designated  channel  capacity,  but use of commercial leased access channels has
been  relatively  limited.  In February of 1997, the FCC released  revised rules
which mandated a modest rate reduction that has made commercial  leased access a
more attractive option for third party  programmers,  particularly for part-time
leased access carriage.

         "Anti-Buy Through"  Provisions.  Federal law requires each cable system
to permit  customers  to  purchase  premium or  pay-per-view  video  programming
offered by the operator on a  per-channel  or a  per-program  basis  without the
necessity of  subscribing  to any tier of service  (other than the basic service
tier)  unless  the  system's  lack  of  addressable  converter  boxes  or  other
technological  limitations does not permit it to do so. The statutory  exemption
for  cable  systems  that do not have the  technological  capability  to  comply
expires in October 2002, but the FCC may extend that period if deemed necessary.

         Access to  Programming.  To spur the  development of independent  cable
programmers  and competition to incumbent  cable  operators,  the 1992 Cable Act
imposed   restrictions  on  the  dealings  between  cable  operators  and  cable
programmers.  Of special  significance from a competitive  business posture, the
1992 Cable Act  precludes  satellite  video  programmers  affiliated  with cable
operators  from favoring  cable  operators  over  competing  multichannel  video
programming  distributors  (such as DBS and MMDS  distributors).  This provision
limits the ability of vertically integrated satellite cable programmers to offer
exclusive programming arrangements to AT&T Broadband.  Both Congress and the FCC
have considered proposals that would expand the program access rights of cable's
competitors,   including  the  possibility  of  subjecting  both   terrestrially
delivered video  programming  and video  programmers who are not affiliated with
cable operators to all program access requirements.

         Inside Wiring;  Subscriber  Access. In an order issued in 1997, the FCC
established  rules that require an incumbent  cable operator upon  expiration or
termination of an MDU service  contract to sell,  abandon,  or remove "home run"
wiring that was installed by the cable operator in a MDU building.  These inside
wiring rules are expected to assist building owners in their attempts to replace
existing cable operators with new  programming  providers who are willing to pay
the building  owner a higher fee, where such a fee is  permissible.  The FCC has
also proposed  abrogating  all exclusive MDU contracts  held by incumbent  cable
operators,  but allowing such  contracts  when held by new entrants.  In another
proceeding,  the FCC has  preempted  restrictions  on the  deployment of private
antenna  on rental  property  within  the  exclusive  use of a  tenant,  such as
balconies  and  patios.  This FCC ruling may limit the extent to which  multiple
dwelling  unit  owners may  enforce  certain  aspects of MDU  argreements  which
otherwise  prohibit,  for  example,  placement  of digital  broadcast  satellite
receiver antennae in MDU areas under the exclusive occupancy of a renter.  These
developments may make it more difficult for AT&T Broadband to provide service in
MDUs.

         Other FCC Regulations.  In addition to the FCC regulations noted above,
there  are  other  FCC  regulations  covering  such  areas as  equal  employment
opportunity,  customer privacy,  programming practices  (including,  among other
things,  syndicated program exclusivity,  network program nonduplication,  local

<PAGE>

sports  blackouts,   indecent   programming,   lottery  programming,   political
programming,  sponsorship identification,  children's programming advertisements
and closed captioning),  registration of cable systems and facilities licensing,
maintenance of various records and public  inspection  files,  frequency  usage,
lockbox  availability,   antenna  structure  notification,   tower  marking  and
lighting,   consumer  protection  and  customer  service  standards,   technical
standards,  consumer  electronics  equipment  compatibility  and emergency alert
systems.

          The FCC  recently  ruled  that  cable  customers  must be  allowed  to
purchase  cable  converters  from third  parties and  established  a  multi-year
phase-in during which security  functions,  which would remain in the operator's
exclusive  control,  would be unbundled from basic  converter  functions,  which
could then be satisfied by third party vendors.

         The FCC has the  authority  to  enforce  its  regulations  through  the
imposition of substantial  fines, the issuance of cease and desist orders and/or
the imposition of other administrative  sanctions, such as the revocation of FCC
licenses  needed to operate certain  transmission  facilities used in connection
with cable operations.

         Copyright.  Cable television  systems are subject to federal  copyright
licensing  covering  carriage of  television  and radio  broadcast  signals.  In
exchange for filing  certain  reports and  contributing  a  percentage  of their
revenue to a federal copyright royalty pool (such percentage varies depending on
the size of the system and the number of distant  broadcast  television  signals
carried),   cable   operators  can  obtain  blanket   permission  to  retransmit
copyrighted  material  on  broadcast  signals.  The  possible   modification  or
elimination of this compulsory copyright license is subject to continuing review
and could adversely affect AT&T Broadband's  ability to obtain desired broadcast
programming.  In  addition,  the cable  industry  pays music  licensing  fees to
Broadcast Music, Inc. and is negotiating a similar arrangement with the American
Society  of  Composers,   Authors  and  Publishers.   Copyright  clearances  for
nonbroadcast programming services are arranged through private negotiations.

         State and Local  Regulation.  Cable  television  systems  generally are
operated pursuant to nonexclusive  franchises granted by a municipality or other
state or local government entity. The  Telecommunications Act clarified that the
need for an entity providing cable services to obtain a local franchise  depends
solely on whether  the entity  crosses  public  rights of way.  Federal  law now
prohibits  franchise  authorities  from  granting  exclusive  franchises or from
unreasonably  refusing to award additional franchises covering an existing cable
system's service area.  Cable  franchises  generally are granted for fixed terms
and in many cases are terminable if the franchisee fails to comply with material
provisions.  Non-compliance by the cable operator with franchise  provisions may
also result in monetary penalties.

         The  terms  and   conditions  of  franchises   vary   materially   from
jurisdiction  to  jurisdiction.  Each franchise  generally  contains  provisions
governing cable operations,  service rates,  franchise fees, system construction
and  maintenance  obligations,  system  channel  capacity,  design and technical
performance,  customer service standards,  and  indemnification  protections.  A
number of  states  subject  cable  television  systems  to the  jurisdiction  of
centralized  state  governmental  agencies.   Although  LFAs  have  considerable
discretion  in  establishing   franchise   terms,   there  are  certain  federal
limitations.  For example,  LFAs cannot insist on franchise fees exceeding 5% of

<PAGE>

the system's gross revenue, cannot dictate the particular technology used by the
system,  and cannot  specify  video  programming  other than  identifying  broad
categories of programming.

         Federal law contains renewal  procedures  designed to protect incumbent
franchisees  against  arbitrary  denials  of  renewal.  Even if a  franchise  is
renewed,  the  franchise  authority  may seek to  impose  new and  more  onerous
requirements  such  as  significant  upgrades  in  facilities  and  services  or
increased franchise fees and funding for PEG channels as a condition of renewal.
Similarly,  if a franchise  authority's  consent is required for the purchase or
sale of a cable system or franchise,  such  authority may attempt to impose more
burdensome or onerous  franchise  requirements  in connection with a request for
consent.  Historically,  franchises  have been renewed for cable  operators that
have  provided  satisfactory  services and have complied with the terms of their
franchises.

         Proposed  Changes in  Regulation.  The  regulation of cable  television
systems at the  federal,  state and local  levels is  subject  to the  political
process and has been in constant flux over the past decade.  Material changes in
the law and  regulatory  requirements  must be  anticipated  and there can be no
assurance  that AT&T  Broadband's  business  will not be affected  adversely  by
future legislation, new regulation or deregulation.

COMPETITION

         Competition  in  communications  services is based on price and pricing
plans,  the types of  services  offered,  customer  service,  access to customer
premises, and communications quality, reliability and availability,  as well as,
for business  customers,  the ability to provide high quality data communication
services  and  technical   support.   AT&T's   principal   competitors   include
MCIWorldcom,  Inc., Sprint Corporation, the RBOCs and GTE Corporation. AT&T also
experiences significant competition in long distance from dial around resellers.

         The ILECs  have very  substantial  capital  and other  resources,  long
standing customer  relationships and extensive  existing  facilities and network
rights-of-way  and are AT&T's primary  competitors in the local services market.
In addition, it is anticipated that a number of long distance telecommunication,
wireless and cable service  providers  and others will enter the local  services
market in  competition  with  AT&T.  Some of these  potential  competitors  have
substantial  financial and other resources.  AT&T will also compete in the local
services  market  with a number of CLECs,  a few of which  have  existing  local
networks and significant financial resources.

         Competition for subscribers  among wireless service  providers is based
principally  upon the services  and features  offered,  call  quality,  customer
service, system coverage and price. The AT&T Wireless Group's ability to compete
successfully  will depend,  in part, on its ability to anticipate and respond to
various competitive factors affecting the industry,  including new services that
may be introduced, changes in consumer preferences, demographic trends, economic
conditions and pricing strategies. The AT&T Wireless Group's primary competitors
are Vodafone AirTouch,  BellSouth,  Bell Atlantic,  GTE, Nextel  Communications,
Inc., SBC, VoiceStream Communications and Sprint.

         In addition, the wireless communications industry has been experiencing
significant  consolidation  and  the  AT&T  Wireless  Group  expects  that  this
consolidation will continue.  The previously announced mergers or joint ventures
of Bell  Atlantic/GTE/Vodafone/AirTouch,  MCIWorldCom/Sprint  and  SBC/Ameritech

<PAGE>

will create large,  well-capitalized  competitors  with  substantial  financial,
technical, marketing and other resources to respond to the AT&T Wireless Group's
offerings.  Assuming  these mergers or ventures were completed  today,  the AT&T
Wireless  Group  estimates  that its  ranking  would  decline  to second in U.S.
revenue,  third in U.S.  subscriber share and fourth in terms of U.S. population
covered by licenses,  or POPs.  As a result,  these  competitors  may be able to
offer nationwide  services and plans more quickly and more economically than the
AT&T Wireless  Group and to obtain  roaming rates that are more  favorable  than
those obtained by the AT&T Wireless Group,  and may be better able to respond to
offers of the AT&T Wireless Group.

         The AT&T Wireless Group's cellular  operations have always  experienced
direct  competition from the second cellular licensee in each market.  Beginning
in 1997, the AT&T Wireless Group began experiencing  competition from as many as
six license holders in certain  markets.  Competition  from new providers in the
AT&T  Wireless  Group's  markets  will  continue to increase as the  networks of
license holders are built out over the next several years. In addition,  the FCC
is likely to offer  additional  spectrum  for  wireless  mobile  licenses in the
future using existing or new technologies.

         Cable  television  competes for  customers in local  markets with other
providers of  entertainment,  news and  information.  The  competitors  in these
markets include broadcast television and radio, newspapers,  magazines and other
printed material,  motion picture theatres, video cassettes and other sources of
information and entertainment  including  directly  competitive cable television
operations  and  internet  service  providers.  The Cable Acts are  designed  to
increase  competition in the cable  television  industry.  There are alternative
methods of distributing the same or similar video  programming  offered by cable
television systems.  These include DBS (allowing the subscriber to receive video
services  directly  via  satellite  using a relatively  small  dish),  telephone
networks  (whether it is through wireless cable, or through  upgraded  telephone
networks),  utility company networks,  MMDS (which deliver programming  services
over  microwave   channels   received  by  customers  with  special   antennas),
competitive,  non-exclusive  franchises,  city provided  cable  services,  SMATV
systems (which provide  multichannel  program services directly to hotel, motel,
apartment,   condominium  and  similar  multi-unit   complexes  within  a  cable
television  system's  franchise area,  generally free of any regulation by state
and local governmental  authorities).  In addition to competition for customers,
the cable television  industry  competes with broadcast  television,  radio, the
print media and other sources of information and  entertainment  for advertising
revenue.  Additionally,  as AT&T begins to offer new services such as high speed
Internet access and telephone  services,  there will be significant  competition
from both the local telephone companies and new providers of such services.

         AT&T currently faces significant competition and expects that the level
of  competition  will  continue to  increase.  As  competitive,  regulatory  and
technological    changes   occur,    including    those    occasioned   by   the
Telecommunications Act, AT&T anticipates that new and different competitors will
enter and expand their position in the  communications  services markets.  These
may include entrants from other segments of the  communications  and information
services  industry  or  global  competitors   seeking  to  expand  their  market
opportunities.  Many such new  competitors  are  likely  to enter  with a strong
market  presence,   well  recognized  names  and  pre-existing  direct  customer
relationships.

         The   Telecommunications  Act  has  already  impacted  the  competitive
environment.  Anticipating changes in the industry, non-RBOC LECs, which are not

<PAGE>

required to implement the  Telecommunications  Act's competitive checklist prior
to offering long distance in their home markets,  have begun  integrating  their
local service offerings with long distance offerings in advance of AT&T offering
combined  local and long distance  service in these areas,  adversely  affecting
AT&T's revenues and earnings in these service regions.

         In addition,  the  Telecommunications  Act will permit RBOCs to provide
interLATA  interexchange  services  after  demonstrating  to the FCC  that  such
provision is in the public interest and satisfying the conditions for developing
local  competition  established  by the  Telecommunications  Act. The RBOCs have
petitioned the FCC for permission to provide interLATA interexchange services in
one or more states  within their home  market;  to date the FCC granted only one
petition.  In  December  1999,  Bell  Atlantic  became  the first RBOC to obtain
approval to provide long distance in a state within its home  territory,  in New
York. In January 2000  Southwestern Bell applied to the FCC for authorization to
provide long distance  service in Texas;  by law, the FCC is required to rule on
the application in April 2000.

         To the  extent  that the RBOCs  obtain  in-region  interLATA  authority
before the  Telecommunications  Act's checklist of conditions have been fully or
satisfactorily   implemented  and  adequate   facilities-based   local  exchange
competition   exists,   there  is  a  substantial   risk  that  AT&T  and  other
interexchange  service  providers  would be at a  disadvantage  to the  RBOCs in
providing both local service and combined service packages. Because it is widely
anticipated  that  substantial  numbers of long distance  customers will seek to
purchase local,  interexchange  and other services from a single carrier as part
of a combined or full service package, any competitive  disadvantage,  inability
to  profitably   provide  local  service  at  competitive  rates  or  delays  or
limitations  in  providing  local  service or combined  service  packages  could
adversely  affect  AT&T's  future  revenue  and  earnings.  In  any  event,  the
simultaneous entrance of numerous new competitors for interexchange and combined
service  packages is likely to  adversely  affect  AT&T's  future long  distance
revenue and could adversely affect future earnings.

         Furthermore, in February 1997, a General Agreement on Trade in Services
(GATS) was reached under the World Trade  Organization.  The GATS,  which became
effective  January  1,  1998,  is  designed  to  open  each  country's  domestic
telecommunications  markets to foreign  competitors.  The GATS, and future trade
agreements,  may  accelerate  the  entrance  into the  U.S.  market  of  foreign
telecommunications  providers,  certain of whom are  likely to possess  dominant
home market positions in which there is not effective competition.  The GATS may
also  permit  AT&T's  entrance  into  other  markets  as only a small  number of
countries refused to eliminate their foreign ownership restrictions.

         In addition to the matters  referred to above,  various other  factors,
including technological hurdles,  market acceptance,  start-up and ongoing costs
associated  with  the  provision  of  new  services  and  local  conditions  and
obstacles, could adversely affect the timing and success of AT&T's entrance into
the local exchange  services market and AT&T's ability to offer combined service
packages that include local service.

EMPLOYEE RELATIONS

         At December 31, 1999 AT&T employed approximately 148,000 persons in its
operations,  approximately 96.5% of whom are located domestically.  About 28% of
the domestically  located  employees of AT&T are represented by unions. Of those
so  represented,  about 94% are  represented  by the  Communications  Workers of

<PAGE>

America  (CWA),  which  is  affiliated  with  the  AFL-CIO;   about  5%  by  the
International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW), which is also affiliated
with the  AFL-CIO.  In  addition,  there is a very small  remainder  of domestic
employees  represented  by other  unions.  Labor  agreements  with most of these
unions extend through May 2002.

SEGMENT, OPERATING REVENUE AND RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
EXPENSE INFORMATION

         For information about the Company's  research and development  expense,
see Note 2 to the Consolidated  Financial Statements.  For information about the
consolidated  operating  revenues  contributed by the Company's major classes of
products and services,  see the revenue tables and  descriptions on pages 14 and
19 through 25 of the Company's  annual report to shareholders for the year ended
December 31, 1999.  All such  information  is  incorporated  herein by reference
pursuant to General Instruction G(2).

LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP

         The economic  performance  of the Liberty  Media Group are reflected in
the Liberty Media Group tracking stock. A description of the Liberty Media Group
is included as Exhibit 99 to this Form 10-K.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This Form 10-K contains certain  forward-looking  statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities  Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to
the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, dividends, financing
plans,  business  strategies,  operating  efficiencies  or  synergies,  budgets,
capital and other expenditures,  competitive positions, growth opportunities for
existing  products,  benefits  from new  technology,  plans  and  objectives  of
management, and other matters.

         Statements in this Form 10-K that are not  historical  facts are hereby
identified as "forward  looking  statements"  for the purpose of the safe harbor
provided  by Section  27A of the  Securities  Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934. Any Form 10-K,  Annual Report to Shareholders,
Form  10-Q or Form  8-K of AT&T  may  include  forward  looking  statements.  In
addition,  other written or oral  statements  which  constitute  forward looking
statements have been made and may in the future be made by or on behalf of AT&T,
including   statements   concerning  future  operating   performance,   business
prospects,  capital  needs,  AT&T's  share of new and existing  markets,  AT&T's
short- and long-term revenue and earnings growth rates,  general industry growth
rates and AT&T's performance relative thereto.  These forward looking statements
are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of senior management that
rely on a number of  assumptions  concerning  future  events,  many of which are
outside of AT&T's control,  and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that
could cause  actual  results to differ  materially  from those  suggested by the
forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements should, therefore,
be considered in light of various important  factors,  including those set forth
in this Form 10-K.  Important  factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially  from  estimates  or  projections  contained  in the  forward-looking
statements include, without limitation:

<PAGE>

         - the adoption and  implementation  of balanced and effective rules and
           regulations by the FCC and state regulatory agencies to implement the
           provisions of the  Telecommunications  Act; the outcome of litigation
           relative  thereto;  and the impact of regulatory  changes relating to
           access reform,  the unbundling of cable facilities and  international
           settlement reform;

         - success and market  acceptance for new  initiatives,  including cable
           telephony and fixed wireless,  many of which are untested;  the level
           and  timing  of the  growth  and  profitability  of new  initiatives;
           start-up  costs  associated  with  entering  new  markets,  including
           advertising  and  promotional  efforts;   successful  deployment  and
           technological  implementation  of new  systems  and  applications  to
           support  new  initiatives;  the  ability  to  address  the  needs  of
           customers for broadband and Internet access; and local conditions and
           obstacles;

         - competitive  pressures,  including   pricing  pressures,  alternative
           routing  developments,  and the  ability  to offer  combined  service
           packages  that include  local  service;  technological  developments,
           including the rate of technological  advances in, and  implementation
           of,  internet   telephony  services  that  compete  with  traditional
           telephony   services;   the  extent  and  pace  at  which   different
           competitive   environments   develop   for   each   segment   of  the
           telecommunications  industry;  the extent at and  duration  for which
           competitors from each segment of the telecommunications  industry are
           able to offer  combined or full service  packages prior to AT&T being
           able  to;  and  the  degree  to  which  AT&T   experiences   material
           competitive  impacts to its  traditional  service  offerings prior to
           achieving adequate local service entry;

         - the  availability,  terms and  deployment  of capital;  the impact of
           regulatory  and  competitive  developments  on capital  outlays;  the
           ability  to   achieve   cost   savings   and   realize   productivity
           improvements;  the ability to  effectively  integrate  operations  of
           acquired  entities  with  AT&T,  the timing of  approval  of, and any
           conditions  imposed on, the  completion of the MediaOne  merger;  the
           ability  to  realize  cost-saving  and  revenue  synergies  from  the
           MediaOne  merger;   the  ability  to  successfully   implement  cable
           telephony joint  ventures;  the ability to expand the cable footprint
           and the wireless  footprint in an economical and expeditious  manner;
           and the ability to enter into agreements which provide for reasonable
           roaming rates for wireless services; and

         - the ability to attract and retain qualified  management  employees in
           all  key  areas  of  the  business;   general  economic   conditions,
           government and regulatory  policies,  and business  conditions in the
           communications industry.

         The words  "estimate,"  "project,"  "intend,"  "expect,"  "believe" and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking  statements.  These
forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Form 10-K
and throughout the other documents incorporated herein by reference. Readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date hereof.  AT&T  undertakes  no  obligation  to publicly
release any revisions to these  forward-looking  statements to reflect events or
circumstances   after  the  date  hereof  or  to  reflect  the   occurrence   of
unanticipated events.

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.

         The properties of AT&T Corp.  consist  primarily of plant and equipment
used to provide long distance and wireless telecommunications services and cable
television services and administrative office buildings.  AT&T's owns and leases
properties to support its offices, facilities and equipment.

         Telecommunications  plant and  equipment  consists of:  central  office
equipment,  including  switching and  transmission  equipment;  connecting lines
(cables,  wires,  poles,  conduits,  etc.);  wireless  cell sites,  antennas and
wireless switching facilities;  land and buildings; and miscellaneous properties
(work equipment, furniture, plant under construction, etc.). The majority of the
connecting  lines  are on or  under  public  roads,  highways  and  streets  and
international  and  territorial  waters.  The  remainder are on or under private
property. Physical cable television properties, which are located throughout the
United  States,  consist of system  components,  motor  vehicles,  miscellaneous
hardware, spare parts and other components. AT&T also operates a number of sales
offices,  customer  care  centers,  and other  facilities,  such as research and
development laboratories.

         AT&T continues to manage the  deployment and  utilization of its assets
in order to meet its global  growth  objectives  while at the same time ensuring
that these assets are generating value for the  shareholder.  AT&T will continue
to manage its asset base consistent with globalization initiatives,  marketplace
forces, productivity growth and technology change.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

         In the normal course of business, AT&T Corp. is subject to proceedings,
lawsuits and other  claims,  including  proceedings  under  government  laws and
regulations related to environmental and other matters. Such matters are subject
to  many   uncertainties  and  outcomes  are  not  predictable  with  assurance.
Consequently, AT&T Corp. is unable to ascertain the ultimate aggregate amount of
monetary liability or financial impact with respect to these matters at December
31, 1999. While these matters could affect operating  results of any one quarter
when resolved in future  periods,  it is  management's  opinion that after final
disposition,  any monetary  liability or financial  impact to AT&T Corp.  beyond
that  provided  for at year-end  would not be material  to AT&T  Corp.'s  annual
consolidated financial position or results of operations.

         On July 6,  1997,  MCI  Telecommunications  Corp.  and  Ronald  A. Katz
Technology  Licensing,  L.P.  filed  suit in  United  States  District  Court in
Philadelphia,  Pennsylvania against AT&T. The suit alleges that a number of AT&T
services  infringe  patents  owned by Katz but  licensed to MCI for  enforcement
against AT&T. This matter is currently in discovery. Based on review to date, it
is  management's  opinion that the claims do not present any  material  monetary
liability  or financial  impact to AT&T that is not subject to patent  indemnity
agreements with third-party equipment vendors.

         AT&T is also a named party in a number of environmental  actions,  none
of which is material to the consolidated financial statements or business of the
Company. In addition,  pursuant to the Separation and Distribution  Agreement by
and among AT&T,  Lucent,  and NCR, dated as of February 1, 1996, and amended and
restated  as of March 29,  1996,  Lucent has assumed  liability,  subject to the
liability sharing provisions of that agreement, for a number of actions in which
AT&T remains a named  party.  AT&T is working to be released as a party to these
actions,  although  there can be no assurance that it will be successful in this
regard.

<PAGE>

         There  are four  environmental  proceedings  which are  required  to be
reported  pursuant  to  Instruction  5.C.  of Item  103 of  Regulation  S-K.  In
September  1997,  the  government of the U.S.  Virgin  Islands filed suit in the
federal district court of the Virgin Islands against the Company, AT&T Submarine
Systems International ("SSI International"), A&L Underground, Inc., a contractor
for SSI  International at that time, and other entities.  In connection with the
purported  1996 release of non-toxic  bentonite  drilling mud within the coastal
region of St. Croix by the  contractor,  the suit seeks penalties for violations
of various federal and Virgin Island statutes;  damages under several  statutory
and common law theories;  removal of the mud (which has since been  completed to
the  satisfaction  of  the  federal  agency  that  ordered  the  cleanup);   and
restitution  of response costs  allegedly  incurred by the Virgin  Islands.  SSI
International  was a wholly owned  subsidiary of AT&T at the time of the alleged
violation.  On December 31, 1998 the Government of the U.S. Virgin Islands filed
an administrative  complaint against AT&T of the Virgin Islands,  Inc.,  seeking
$23 million in penalties  (primarily  for the release of drilling mud in 1996 in
conjunction with the construction of the St. Croix cable landing  station).  The
foregoing environmental proceeding is not material to the consolidated financial
statements  or  business  of the  Company  and  would  not be  reported  but for
Instruction 5 C. of Item 103 of Regulation  S-K,  which  requires  disclosure of
such matters.

         In addition,  three  proceedings  involve  matters for which Lucent has
assumed  liability,  as described  above.  On July 31, 1991,  the United  States
Environmental  Protection  Agency  Region III  issued a  complaint  pursuant  to
Section 3008a of the Resource  Conservation and Recovery Act alleging violations
of  various  waste  management  regulations  at the  Company's  Richmond  Works,
Richmond, Virginia. The complaint seeks a total of $4.2 million in penalties. In
addition,  on July 31, 1991, the United States  Environmental  Protection Agency
filed a civil complaint in the U.S.  District Court for the Southern District of
Illinois  against the Company and nine other parties seeking  enforcement of its
Comprehensive Environmental Response,  Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA")
Section  106 cleanup  order,  issued in  November  1990 for the NL Granite  City
Superfund site,  Granite,  Illinois,  past costs, civil penalties of $25,000 per
day and treble damages related to certain United States' costs. Finally,  during
1994, AT&T Nassau Metals  Corporation  ("Nassau"),  a wholly owned subsidiary of
AT&T, and the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation ("NYSDEC")
were  engaged in  negotiations  over a study and  cleanup  of the  Nassau  plant
located  on  Richmond  Valley  Road in Staten  Island,  New York.  During  these
negotiations,  in June 1994,  NYSDEC presented Nassau with a draft consent order
which  included  not  only  provisions   relating  to  site   investigation  and
remediation  but also a  provision  for  payment of a $3.5  million  penalty for
alleged  violations  of  hazardous  waste  management  regulations.   No  formal
proceeding has been commenced by NYSDEC.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY-HOLDERS.

         No matter was  submitted  to a vote of  security  holders in the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report.

<PAGE>

                      Executive Officers of the Registrant
                             (as of March 17, 2000)

                                                                Became AT&T
Name                    Age                                 Executive Officer On
- ----                    ---                                --------------------

C. Michael Armstrong* .  61   Chairman of the Board and
                                Chief Executive Officer . . . . . . 10-97

Harold W. Burlingame. .  59   Executive Vice President,
                                Communications and Human
                                Resources, AT&T Wireless Group  . .  9-86

James Cicconi . . . . .  47   Executive Vice President-Law &
                                Government Affairs and
                                General Counsel . . . . . . . . . . 12-98

Mirian Graddick . . . .  45   Executive Vice President,
                                Human Resources . . . . . . . . . .  3-99

Mohan Gyani . . . . . .  48   Executive Vice President and
                                President & CEO, AT&T Wireless
                                Services  . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1-00

Frank Ianna . . . . . .  50   Executive Vice President and
                                President, AT&T Network Services. .  3-97

Michael G. Keith. . . .  51   Executive Vice President - AT&T
                                Wireless Group  . . . . . . . . . . 12-98

Richard J. Martin . . .  53   Executive Vice President, Public
                                Relations and Employee
                                Communication . . . . . . . . . . . 11-97

John C. Malone**. . . .  59   Chairman of the Board, Liberty
                                Media Corporation . . . . . . . . .  3-99

David C. Nagel. . . . .  55   President, AT&T Labs & Chief
                                Technology Officer  . . . . . . . .  3-97

Charles H. Noski. . . .  47   Senior Executive Vice President
                                and Chief Financial Officer . . . . 12-99

John C. Petrillo. . . .  50   Executive Vice President, Corporate
                                Strategy and Business Development .  1-96

Richard Roscitt . . . .  48   Executive Vice President and
                                President, AT&T Business Services .  9-97

Daniel E. Somers. . . .  52   President and CEO, AT&T Broadband . .  5-97

John D. Zeglis**. . . .  52   President, AT&T, and Chairman and
                                Chief Executive Officer, AT&T
                                Wireless Group  . . . . . . . . . .  9-86
- -----------
 *Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Executive
    and Proxy Committees.
**Member of the Board of Directors.
<PAGE>

         All of the above  executive  officers  have held high level  managerial
positions with AT&T or its affiliates for more than the past five years,  except
Messrs.  Armstrong,  Cicconi,  Guyani, Malone, Nagel, Noski and Somers. Prior to
joining AT&T in October 1997,  Mr.  Armstrong  was Chairman and Chief  Executive
Officer of Hughes Electronics from 1991. Prior to joining AT&T in September 1998
as Senior Vice President-Law and Government  Affairs,  Mr. Cicconi was a Partner
at the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss,  Houer and Feld, L.L.P. from 1991. Prior
to joining AT&T in January  2000,  Mr. Gyani was  Executive  Vice  President and
Chief  Financial  Officer  of  Airtouch  Communications  from 1995 to 1999,  and
following  the  merger  of  Vodafone  and  Airtouch,  was head of  strategy  and
corporate  development  at Vodafone  Airtouch plc.  Prior to joining  AT&T,  Dr.
Malone was President,  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of TCI from 1994. In
addition,  Dr.  Malone  served as director of TCI Pacific  Communications,  Inc.
since  1996.  Prior to  joining  AT&T in April  1996,  Mr.  Nagel was with Apple
Computer,  serving as Senior Vice President  from 1995 and General  Manager from
1988  through  1995.  Prior to joining  AT&T in  December  1999,  Mr.  Noski was
president and chief operating officer of Hughes Electronics  Corporation.  Prior
to joining AT&T in May 1997, Mr. Somers was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
for Bell  Cablemedia,  plc,  of London for two years and from 1992 to 1995,  Mr.
Somers was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial  Officer for Bell Canada
International.

<PAGE>

PART II

Items 5. through 8.

         The information required by these items is included in pages 12 through
55 and the inside back cover of the Company's  annual report to shareholders for
the year ended December 31, 1999.  Such  information is  incorporated  herein by
reference, pursuant to General Instruction G(2). The referenced information from
the Company's annual report to shareholders has been filed as Exhibit 13 to this
document.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

         There  have  been  no  changes  in  independent   accountants   and  no
disagreements   with  independent   accountants  on  any  matter  of  accounting
principles or practices,  financial statement  disclosure,  or auditing scope or
procedure during the last two years.

PART III

Items 10. through 13.

         Information  regarding  executive  officers  required  by  Item  401 of
Regulation  S-K is furnished in a separate  disclosure  in Part I of this report
because the Company did not furnish such  information  in its  definitive  proxy
statement prepared in accordance with Schedule 14A.

         The other  information  required  by Items 10 through 13 is included in
the Company's  definitive  proxy  statement  dated March 27, 2000: the third and
fourth  paragraphs  on page 7, the first and  second  paragraphs  on page 8, the
first full  paragraph on page 9 through the first full  paragraph on page 21 and
the  fourth   paragraph  on  page  40  through  page  71.  Such  information  is
incorporated herein by reference, pursuant to General Instruction G(3).

<PAGE>

PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and
Reports on Form 8-K.

      (a)  Documents filed as a part of the report:

      (1)  Financial Statements:
                                                           Pages
                                                           -----

              Report of Management .......................   *
              Report of Independent Accountants ..........   *


           Statements:

              Consolidated Statements of Income ..........   *
              Consolidated Balance Sheets ................   *
              Consolidated Statements of Changes in
                Shareowners' Equity ......................   *
              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ......   *
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .   *

      (2)  Financial Statement Schedule:

              Report of Independent Accountants ..........   47

           Schedule:

              II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts ....   48

           Separate  financial  statements  of  Liberty  Media  Group,  which is
           a "significant  subsidiary" pursuant to the  provisions of Regulation
           S-X, Article 3-9, are included as Exhibit 99.

      (3)  Exhibits:

           Exhibits   identified  in   parentheses  below,  on  file  with   the
           Securities and  Exchange Commission ("SEC"),  are incorporated herein
           by reference as exhibits hereto.

Exhibit Number:

(3)a              Restated Certificate of Incorporation  of the registrant filed
                  January 10, 1989,  Certificate of Correction of the registrant
                  filed June 8, 1989,  Certificate  of Change of the  registrant
                  filed  March  18,  1992,   Certificate  of  Amendment  of  the
                  registrant filed June 1, 1992, Certificate of Amendment of the
                  registrant  filed April 20,  1994,  Certificate  of  Amendment
                  filed June 8, 1998 and Certificate of Amendment filed March 9,
                  1999 (Exhibit (3)a to Form 10-K for 1998, File No. 1-1105).

- ------------

*Incorporated  herein by reference to the appropriate  portions of the Company's
annual report to  shareholders  for the year ended December 31, 1999.  (See Part
II.)

<PAGE>

(3)b              By-Laws of  the registrant, as amended March 17, 1999 (Exhibit
                  (3)b to Form 10-K for 1998, File No. 1-1105).

(4)               No instrument which defines the rights of holders of long term
                  debt,  of  the   registrant   and  all  of  its   consolidated
                  subsidiaries,  is filed herewith  pursuant to Regulation  S-K,
                  Item  601(b)(4)(iii)(A).  Pursuant  to  this  regulation,  the
                  registrant  hereby  agrees  to  furnish  a copy  of  any  such
                  instrument to the SEC upon request.

(10)(i)1          Form of  Separation and  Distribution Agreement  by and  among
                  AT&T Corp.,  Lucent  Technologies  Inc.  and NCR  Corporation,
                  dated as of February  1, 1996 and  amended and  restated as of
                  March 29, 1996 (Exhibit  (10)(i)1 to Form 10-K for 1996,  File
                  No. 1-1105).

(10)(i)2          Form of Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 20, 1996,
                  by  and  between  AT&T  Corp.  and  NCR  Corporation  (Exhibit
                  (10)(i)2 to Form 10-K for 1996, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(i)3          Tax   Sharing  Agreement  by  and  among  AT&T  Corp.,  Lucent
                  Technologies Inc. and NCR Corporation, dated as of February 1,
                  1996 and  amended and  restated as of March 29, 1996  (Exhibit
                  (10)(i)3 to Form 10-K for 1996, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(i)4          Employee  Benefits  Agreement by  and  between  AT&T Corp. and
                  Lucent  Technologies  Inc.,  dated as of  February 1, 1996 and
                  amended and restated as of March 29, 1996 (Exhibit (10)(i)4 to
                  Form 10-K for 1996, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(i)5          Form of Employee Benefits Agreement, dated as of  November 20,
                  1996, between AT&T Corp. and NCR Corporation (Exhibit (10)(i)5
                  to Form 10-K for 1996, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(ii)(B)1      General  Purchase  Agreement  between  AT&T  Corp. and  Lucent
                  Technologies  Inc.,  dated  February  1, 1996 and  amended and
                  restated as of March 29, 1996  (Exhibit  (10)(ii)(B)1  to Form
                  10-K for 1996, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(ii)(B)2      Form of  Volume Purchase  Agreement, dated as of  November 20,
                  1996, by and between AT&T Corp. and NCR  Corporation  (Exhibit
                  (10)(ii)(B)2 to Form 10-K for 1996, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)1     AT&T Short Term Incentive Plan as amended March, 1994 (Exhibit
                  (10)(iii)(A)1 to Form 10-K for 1994, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)2     AT&T 1987  Long Term Incentive Program as amended December 17,
                  1997  (Exhibit  10)(iii)(A)2  to Form 10-K for 1997,  File No.
                  1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)3     AT&T  Senior Management  Individual Life Insurance  Program as
                  amended March 3, 1998 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)3 to Form 10-K for
                  1997, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)4     AT&T  Senior  Management  Long  Term Disability  and  Survivor
                  Protection Plan, as  amended and restated effective January 1,
                  1995 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)4  to Form 10-K for 1996,  File No.
                  1-1105).

<PAGE>

(10)(iii)(A)5     AT&T  Senior  Management  Financial  Counseling  Program dated
                  December  29,  1994  (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)5  to Form 10-K for
                  1994, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)6     AT&T Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as
                  amended December 15, 1993 (Exhibit (10) (iii)(A)6 to Form 10-K
                  for 1993, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)7     The  AT&T   Directors  Individual  Life Insurance  Program  as
                  amended March 2, 1998 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)1 to Form 10-K for
                  1997, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)8     AT&T   Plan  for   Non-Employee  Directors'  Travel   Accident
                  Insurance  (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)8 to Form 10-K for 1990, File
                  No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)9     AT&T  Excess  Benefit  and  Compensation Plan,  as amended and
                  restated  effective October 1, 1996 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)9 to
                  Form 10-K for 1996, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)10    AT&T  Non-Qualified  Pension Plan,  as  amended  and  restated
                  January 1, 1995 (Exhibit (10)(iii)(A)10 to Form 10-K for 1996,
                  File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)11    AT&T Senior  Management  Incentive  Award  Deferral  Plan,  as
                  amended January 21, 1998 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)11 to Form 10-K
                  for 1998, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)12    AT&T Mid-Career Hire Program revised effective January 1, 1988
                  (Exhibit (10)(iii)(A)4  to Form SE, dated March 25, 1988, File
                  No. 1-1105) including AT&T Mid-Career Pension Plan, as amended
                  and restated July 1, 1999.

(10)(iii)(A)13    AT&T 1997 Long Term Incentive Program as amended through March
                  14, 2000

(10)(iii)(A)14    Form  of Indemnification Contract  for Officers and  Directors
                  (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)6 to Form SE, dated March 25, 1987, File
                  No.1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)15    Pension Plan for  AT&T Non-Employee Directors revised February
                  20, 1989 (Exhibit  10)(iii)(A)15  to Form 10-K for 1993,  File
                  No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)16    AT&T Corp. Senior  Management Basic Life Insurance Program, as
                  amended February 27, 1998 (Exhibit (10)(iii)(A)16 to Form 10-K
                  for 1997, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)17    Form of  AT&T Benefits Protection  Trust Agreement as  amended
                  and  restated  as  of  November  1993,   including  the  first
                  amendment thereto dated December 23, 1997.

(10)(iii)(A)18    AT&T Senior Officer Severance Plan  effective October 9, 1997,
                  as amended  October 30, 1997 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)18  to Form
                  10-K for 1997, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)19    Form of Pension  Agreement between  AT&T Corp. and Frank Ianna
                  dated  October 30, 1997  (Exhibit (10)(iii)(A)19 to  Form 10-K
                  for 1997, File No. 1-1105).

<PAGE>

(10)(iii)(A)20    Form  of  Pension  Agreement  between  AT&T Corp. and  John C.
                  Petrillo  dated  October 30, 1997 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)21  to
                  Form 10-K for 1997, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)21    Form of  Pension Agreement  between AT&T Corp. and John Zeglis
                  dated May 7,  1997  (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)22  to Form 10-K for
                  1997, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)22    Form of Employment Agreement between AT&T Corp. and C. Michael
                  Armstrong  dated October 17, 1997 (Exhibit  (10)(iii)(A)23  to
                  Form 10-K for 1997, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)23    Form of  Employment Agreement between AT&T Corp. and Daniel E.
                  Somers dated  April, 1997 (Exhibit (10)(iii)(A)23 to Form 10-K
                  for 1998, File No. 1-1105).

(10)(iii)(A)24    Liberty  Media  401(K) Savings  Plan (Incorporation  herein by
                  reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 on
                  Form  S-8 to the  Registration  Statement  on Form S-4 of AT&T
                  Corp. (Commission File No. 333-70279) filed March 10, 1999).

(12)              Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.

(13)              Specified  portions (pages 12 through 55  and  the inside back
                  cover) of the Company's  Annual Report to Shareholders for the
                  year ended December 31, 1999.

(21)              List of subsidiaries of AT&T.

(23)a             Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP

(23)b             Consent of KPMG, LLP

(24)              Powers  of Attorney  executed  by officers  and directors  who
                  signed this report.

(27)              Financial Data Schedules.

(99)              Supplemental Information regarding Liberty Media Group.

         AT&T will furnish, without charge, to a shareholder upon request a copy
of the annual report to shareholders and the proxy statement,  portions of which
are  incorporated  herein by  reference  thereto.  AT&T will  furnish  any other
exhibit at cost.

     (b) Reports on Form 8-K:

         During the fourth  quarter  1999,  Form 8-K dated  October 29, 1999 was
filed  pursuant to Item 5 (Other  Events),  Form 8-K dated November 16, 1999 was
filed  pursuant to Item 5 (Other Events) and Form 8-K dated December 6, 1999 was
filed pursuant to Item 5 (Other Events).

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

  To the Board of Directors and Shareowners of AT&T Corp.:

Our audits of the consolidated  financial  statements  referred to in our report
dated March 9, 2000 appearing in the 1999 Annual Report to  Shareholders of AT&T
Corp.  (which report and consolidated  financial  statements are incorporated by
reference  in this  Annual  Report on Form 10-K) also  included  an audit of the
financial  statement  schedule listed in Item 14(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our
opinion,  this financial  statement  schedule  presents fairly,  in all material
respects,  the information  set forth therein when read in conjunction  with the
related consolidated financial statements.



PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

New York, New York

March 9, 2000

<PAGE>

                              Schedule II--Sheet 1

                                   AT&T CORP.
                        AND ITS CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES

                 SCHEDULE II--VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                              (Millions of Dollars)

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           COL. A            COL. B       COL. C       COL. D       COL. E
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Charged to
                           Balance at   Costs and                   Balance
                           Beginning     Expenses                   at End
        Description        of Period     and Other  Deductions(a)  of Period
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Year 1999

Allowances for doubtful
  accounts (b)               $1,106       $1,416      $  962         $1,560

Deferred tax asset valuation
  allowance (c)              $  278       $  124      $  171         $  231

         Year 1998

Allowances for doubtful
  accounts (b)               $1,037       $1,389      $1,320         $1,106

Deferred tax asset valuation
  allowance (c)              $  361       $   23      $  106         $  278

The Notes on Sheet 2 are an integral part of this Schedule.

<PAGE>

                              Schedule II--Sheet 2

                                   AT&T CORP.
                        AND ITS CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES

                 SCHEDULE II--VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                              (Millions of Dollars)

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           COL. A            COL. B       COL. C       COL. D       COL. E
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Charged to
                           Balance at   Costs and                   Balance
                           Beginning     Expenses                   at End
        Description        of Period     and Other  Deductions(a)  of Period
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Year 1997

Allowances for doubtful
  accounts (b)               $1,000       $1,522      $1,485         $1,037

Deferred tax asset valuation
  allowance (c)              $  220       $  142      $    1         $  361

- ------------

(a)     Amounts   written  off   as   uncollectible,  net   of  recoveries   and
        reclassifications.
(b)     Includes  allowances for doubtful  accounts on long-term  receivables of
        $53,  $46 and $49 at  December  31,  1999,  1998 and 1997,  respectively
        (included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets).
(c)     End of period  balances at December  31, 1998 and 1997,  include $18 and
        $14,  respectively,  which represent the current portion of the deferred
        tax valuation  allowance.  There was no current  portion at December 31,
        1999. The increase in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance in 1999
        is due to the acquisition of Tele-Communications, Inc.

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                   AT&T Corp.



                                   /s/  M. J. Wasser
                                   ------------------------------
                                   By:  M. J. Wasser
                                        Vice President - Law
                                          and Secretary


March 27, 2000


         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
this  report has been  signed  below by the  following  persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Principal Executive Officers:                     #
                                                  #
  C. Michael Armstrong     Chairman of the Board  #
                           and Chief Executive    #
                           Officer                #
                                                  #
  John Zeglis              President and Director #
                                                  #
Principal Financial Officer:                      #
                                                  #
  Charles H. Noski         Senior Executive Vice  #
                           President and Chief    #
                           Financial Officer      #
                                                  #
Principal Accounting Officer:                     #
                                                  #
  Nicholas S. Cyprus       Vice President and     #
                           Controller             ##   By M. J. Wasser
                                                  #    (attorney-in-fact)*
   Directors:                                     #
                                                  #    March 27, 2000
  Kenneth T. Derr                                 #
  M. Kathryn Eickhoff                             #
  Walter Y. Elisha                                #
  George M. C. Fisher                             #
  Donald V. Fites                                 #
  Amos B. Hostetter, Jr.                          #
  Ralph S. Larsen                                 #
  John C. Malone                                  #
  Donald F. McHenry                               #
  Michael I. Sovern                               #
  Sanford I. Weill                                #
  Thomas H. Wyman                                 #
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT (10)
<TEXT>

                                Exhibit (10)(iii)(A)12 - Mid-Career Pension Plan

                                      Executive Vice President - Human Resources
                                 Approval Under Delegation of Board of Directors



                          AT&T MID-CAREER PENSION PLAN

   Approval of Plan Language for Certain Amendments Adopted on April 16, 1997
                and December 17, 1997 by the Board of Directors

     On  April  16,  1997,  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  adopted
resolutions amending the AT&T Mid-Career Pension Plan (the "Plan"),  among other
things, to:

o     Freeze benefit accruals as of December 31, 1996;

o     Provide for payment of a single  life  annuity  if  the  executive  elects
      the cash payment option under the AT&T Management Pension  Plan;

o     Provide  that  benefits  under the Plan may be  forfeited if the Executive
      Vice  President - Human  Resources  determines   that   the  Employee  has
      violated the AT&T Non-Competition Guideline;

o     Provide for a transfer of the  liability for the benefit  under this  Plan
      for Executives above E-band effective January 1, 1998.

     Pursuant to the delegations  from the Board of Directors and the Committee,
the Executive  Vice  President - Human  Resources  approves the  following  Plan
language reflecting these amendments: *

1.    Amendment to  freeze  Term of  Employment  as of  December 31, 1996 in the
calculation of Mid-Career Pension Credits.  Effective August 1, 1997, add to end
of Section 2.15(a) as follows:

Mid-Career  Pension  Credits  for  Eligible  Executives  hired or  rehired  by a
Participating Company at E-band or above, and all of whose Term of Employment is
at E-band or above,  is  determined  as if the Eligible  Executive  had actually
terminated employment as of December 31, 1996.

2.    Amendment  to freeze Term  of Employment as of  December 31, 1996  in  the
calculation of Mid-Career Pension Credits.  Effective August 1, 1997, add to end
of Section 2.15(b) as follows:

The  numerator  and  denominator  set  forth in this  Section  2.15(b)  above is
determined as if the Eligible Executive had actually terminated employment as of
December 31, 1996. Further,  for any Eligible Executive on the active roll as of
August 29, 1991, he shall be deemed to have terminated employment as of December
31, 1996.

3.    Amendment  to  establish   eligibility  for Participant status.  Effective
August 1, 1997, add to end of Section 4.1 as follows:

<PAGE>

An  individual  is an  Eligible  Executive  in this  Plan if the  individual  is
eligible for the Special  Update,  within the meaning of the Pension  Plan,  and
satisfies the requirements set forth in this Section 4.1(a) through (d) above if
he had terminated  employment as of December 31, 1996, provided,  however,  that
any individual  hired in 1996 shall be deemed to have satisfied the  requirement
set forth in Section 4.1(c) above if he satisfies such requirement no later than
December 31, 1997.

4.    Amendment  to establish  eligibility for the benefit under  the Plan as an
Employee. Effective January 1, 1998, add to end of Section 4.2(a) as follows:

Only Eligible Executives, as defined in Section 4.1 above, who are E-bands, will
be considered Employees,  provided, however, that for purposes of satisfying the
requirement  in this Section  4.2(a) of  completing a Term of  Employment  of at
least five years at E-band or above at termination  of employment,  all Eligible
Executives  will be considered  Employees,  if otherwise  considered an Employee
pursuant to this Section 4.2(a).

5.    Amendment to eliminate concept of service, disability  pension or deferred
pension benefits.  Effective August 1, 1997,  replace Sections 4.2(b) and (c) in
their entirety as follows:

(b)  Service and Disability Benefit

Any  Employee  shall be eligible  for a service  benefit or  disability  benefit
pursuant  to this Plan if he or she has  retired  with a service  or  disability
pension before January 1, 1997 under the Pension Plan, including an Employee who
was eligible for a service pension as a result of a Transition  Leave of Absence
or a Transition to Retirement as set forth in the Pension Plan.

(c)  Mid-Career Pension Benefit

Any Employee is eligible for a Mid-Career  Pension Benefit pursuant to this Plan
if the Employee in not eligible for a service or  disability  benefit under this
Plan as set forth in Section 4.2(b).

6.    Amendment  to  the Plan's Formula  to  eliminate  references to  Post-Base
Period and  explicitly  provide the base formula  multiplier  amount.  Effective
August 1, 1997, replace Section 4.3(a)(i) with the following:

     The annual benefit amount will equal:

           A * [(B * C) + (D * E)]

     Where:

           A = Mid-Career Pension Credits;

           B = .008

           C = Average Base Period  Compensation x Term of Employment to the end
               of the Base Period divided by Total Term of Employment;

           D = .008

           E = NQPP Average Base Period Compensation x Term of Employment to the
               end of the Base Period divided by Total Term of Employment.

<PAGE>

7.    Amendment to the definition of "Base Period" to correspond to the new Base
Period in the Pension Plan.  Effective  August 1, 1997,  Section  4.3(a)(iii) is
amended in its entirety as follows:

For purposes of determining C in Section  4.3(a)(i),  "Base Period" shall be the
pay base averaging  period as is set forth in the Pension Plan effective  August
1, 1997. For purposes of determining E in Section 4.3(a)(i), "Base Period" shall
be the Base  Period as is set forth in the Basic  Formula of the NQPP  effective
August 1, 1997.

8.    Effective   August 1, 1997,  delete   Section 4.3(a)(iv),  4.3(a)(vii) and
4.3(a)(viii) in their entirety and renumber Section 4.3(a) accordingly.

9.    Amendment to the  definition  of "Total Term of Employment" to freeze Term
of Employment as of December 31, 1996. Effective August 1, 1997, replace Section
4.3(a)(vi) in its entirety as follows:

For  purposes  of  determining  C and E in  Section  4.3(a)(i),  "Total  Term of
Employment" shall be the Employee's Term of Employment as of December 31, 1996.

10.   Amendment to  the calculation  of the  monthly benefit  under the  Plan to
change the definition of Term of Employment. Effective August 1, 1997, add a new
Section 4.3(a)(ix) as follows:

(ix) Term of Employment

Effective  August 1,  1997,  for  purposes  of  determining  C and E in  Section
4.3(a)(i),  "Term  of  Employment"  shall  equal  the  lesser  of  (1)  Term  of
Employment,  as defined in Section 2.22, as of December 31, 1996,  plus 1 or (2)
105% of Term of Employment, as defined in Section 2.22, as of December 31, 1996.

11.   Amendment   to  clarify  that, for  purposes   of  determining  the  early
retirement  discount,  if any, the discount is  calculated in the same manner as
the  discount  applicable  to the Special  Update  Benefit in the Pension  Plan.
Effective August 1, 1997, replace Section 4.3(b) in its entirety as follows:

Effective August 1, 1997, where an Employee terminates  employment under the age
of 55 years and commences a pension  under the Pension Plan,  his or her monthly
benefit shall be reduced in the same manner as set forth in the Pension Plan for
the Special Update Benefit, within the meaning of the Pension Plan.

12.   Amendment  relating  to  the  elimination  of  the concept  of a  deferred
benefit.  Effective  August 1,  1997,  any  references  in  Section  4.3(c) to a
"deferred benefit amount" or "deferred  benefit" shall be replaced with the term
"Mid-Career Pension Benefit."

13.   Amendment to  provide  for  special increases  in  service and  disability
payments only for those  Employees  eligible for service and disability  pension
benefits.

Section 4.3(e) shall be replaced in its entirety as follows:

Section 4.3(e)   Special Increases

<PAGE>

Monthly service and disability benefit payments for retired Employees,  eligible
as set forth in Section  4.2(b),  shall be increased by the same  percentage and
pursuant to the same terms and conditions as are set forth in the Pension Plan.

14.   Amendment  relating  to commencement and  duration of benefits.  Effective
for monthly  benefits  commencing on or after August 1, 1997,  replace  Sections
4.5(a) and (b)(i) in their entirety as follows:

(a)      Service or Disability Benefit

Payment of a service or disability  benefit under this Plan shall commence to an
Employee  at the same  time as the  Employee's  service  or  disability  pension
benefits  commence  under the Pension Plan and shall continue to the last day of
the  month in which  the  death of the  Employee  occurs,  or,  in the case of a
disability  benefit,  until termination of disability pension payments under the
Pension  Plan,  if  earlier,  subject  to Section  4.4 of this  Plan,  provided,
however,  that if the Employee  elects the cash payment  option  pursuant to the
Pension Plan,  payment of a service or disability  benefit under this Plan shall
be paid in the form of a single life annuity.

(b)      Mid-Career Pension Benefit

         (i) Payment  of a  Mid-Career  Pension  benefit  under  this Plan shall
commence  to an  Employee at the same time as the  Employee's  pension  benefits
commence  under the Pension Plan and shall continue to the last day of the month
in which the death of the Employee occurs,  subject to Section 4.4 of this Plan,
provided,  however, that if the Employee elects the cash payment option pursuant
to the Pension  Plan,  payment of a Mid-Career  Pension  benefit under this Plan
shall be paid in the form of a single life annuity.

15.   Amendment to Section 4.6(a)(iii) to  be consistent with  amendment to AT&T
Non-Competition  Guideline.  Effective December 17, 1997, Section 4.6(a)(iii) is
amended in its entirety as follows:

         (iii)  If the Executive Vice President - Human Resources of the Company
determines,  pursuant to the AT&T Non-Competition Guideline, determines that the
Employee has violated the AT&T Non-Competition Guideline.

16.   Amendment to provide for a  transfer of liability for certain Employees to
the AT&T  Non-Qualified  Pension  Plan.  Effective  January 1,  1998,  add a new
Section 4.7 as follows:

Section 4.7      Transfer of Liability

Effective January 1, 1998, the liability for the monthly benefit under this Plan
of Eligible  Executives,  as defined in Section  4.1, who are above the level of
E-band,  shall be transferred to the AT&T Non-Qualified  Pension Plan, effective
January 1, 1998. Solely for purposes of determining  eligibility for the monthly
benefit under this Plan to be  transferred,  an Eligible  Executive who is above
the level of E-band shall be  considered an Employee who has completed a Term of
Employment of at least 5 years at E-band or above as of December 31, 1997.


Signature:     /s/   Hal W. Burlingame
               --------------------------------
               By:   Hal W. Burlingame
                     Executive Vice President - Human Resources

- ---------------------
*  Each   amendment  is  preceded  by  a  brief explanation.

<PAGE>

                                         Exhibit (10)(iii)(A)13 - AT&T 1997 LTIP

                      AT&T 1997 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM

                  (as amended May 19, 1999 and March 14, 2000)

    SECTION  1.  PURPOSE.  The  purposes  of the AT&T 1997  Long Term  Incentive
Program  (the  "Plan") are to  encourage  selected  employees  and  Non-Employee
Directors  of AT&T  Corp.  (the  "Company")  and its  Affiliates  to  acquire  a
proprietary and vested interest in the growth and performance of the Company, to
generate an increased  incentive to contribute to the Company's  future  success
and  prosperity,  thus  enhancing  the value of the  Company  for the benefit of
shareholders,  and to enhance the ability of the Company and its  Affiliates  to
attract and retain  individuals of exceptional  managerial  talent upon whom, in
large measure,  the sustained progress,  growth and profitability of the Company
depends.

    SECTION 2.  DEFINITIONS.   As used  in the Plan, the  following terms  shall
have the meanings set forth below:

    (a)  "Affiliate" shall mean (i) any Person that directly,  or through one or
more intermediaries,  controls,  or is controlled by, or is under common control
with,  the  Company or (ii) any entity in which the  Company  has a  significant
equity interest, as determined by the Committee.

    (b)  "Award" shall mean any Option,  Stock  Appreciation  Right,  Restricted
Stock Award,  Performance Share,  Performance Unit, Dividend  Equivalent,  Other
Stock Unit Award, or any other right,  interest, or option relating to Shares or
other property granted pursuant to the provisions of the Plan.

    (c)  "Award Agreement" shall mean any written agreement,  contract, or other
instrument or document evidencing any Award granted by the Committee  hereunder,
which may, but need not, be executed or acknowledged by both the Company and the
Participant.

    (d)  "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

    (e)  "Change in Control" shall  mean the happening of  any of the  following
events:

         (i) An  acquisition  by any  individual,  entity or group  (within  the
meaning of Section 13 (d) (3) or 14 (d) (2) of the Exchange  Act) (an  "Entity")
of beneficial  ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (A) the then outstanding AT&T Shares (the
"Outstanding Company Common Stock") or (B) the combined voting power of the then
outstanding  voting  securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities");  excluding,
however,  the following:  (1) any acquisition  directly from the Company,  other
than an acquisition by virtue of the exercise of a conversion  privilege  unless
the security being so converted was itself  acquired  directly from the Company,
(2) any acquisition by the Company,  (3) any acquisition by any employee benefit
plan  (or  related  trust)  sponsored  or  maintained  by  the  Company  or  any
corporation controlled by the Company, or (4) any acquisition by any corporation
pursuant to a  transaction  which  complies  with  clauses  (A),  (B) and (C) of
subsection (iii) of this Section 2(e);

<PAGE>

         (ii) A change in the composition of the Board such that the individuals
who,  as of the  effective  date of the Plan,  constitute  the Board (such Board
shall be hereinafter  referred to as the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason
to  constitute  at least a majority of the Board;  provided,  however,  that for
purposes of this  definition,  any  individual who becomes a member of the Board
subsequent to the effective date of the Plan, whose election,  or nomination for
election,  by the  Company's  stockholders  was approved by a vote of at least a
majority  of those  individuals  who are  members of the Board and who were also
members of the  Incumbent  Board (or deemed to be such pursuant to this proviso)
shall be  considered  as though such  individual  were a member of the Incumbent
Board;  and provided,  further  however,  that any such individual whose initial
assumption  of  office  occurs as a result of or in  connection  with  either an
actual or threatened  election contest (as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of
Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened
solicitation  of proxies or consents by or on behalf of an Entity other than the
Board shall not be so considered as a member of the Incumbent Board;

         (iii) The  approval  by the  stockholders  of the  Company of a merger,
reorganization  or  consolidation  or  sale  or  other  disposition  of  all  or
substantially all of the assets of the Company (each, a "Corporate Transaction")
or, if  consummation  of such Corporate  Transaction is subject,  at the time of
such approval by stockholders,  to the consent of any government or governmental
agency,  the  obtaining of such consent  (either  explicitly  or  implicitly  by
consummation); excluding however, such a Corporate Transaction pursuant to which
(A)  all or  substantially  all of the  individuals  and  entities  who  are the
beneficial  owners,  respectively,  of the Outstanding  Company Common Stock and
Outstanding  Company  Voting  Securities  immediately  prior  to such  Corporate
Transaction will  beneficially  own,  directly or indirectly,  more than 60% of,
respectively,  the outstanding  shares of common stock,  and the combined voting
power of the then outstanding  voting  securities  entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from
such Corporate  Transaction  (including,  without  limitation,  a corporation or
other  Person which as a result of such  transaction  owns the Company or all or
substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through one or more
subsidiaries  (a "Parent  Company")) in  substantially  the same  proportions as
their  ownership,  immediately  prior  to  such  Corporate  Transaction,  of the
Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding  Company Voting Securities,  as
the case may be, (B) no Entity  (other than the Company,  any  employee  benefit
plan (or related  trust) of the Company,  such  corporation  resulting from such
Corporate  Transaction  or, if  reference  was made to equity  ownership  of any
Parent Company for purposes of determining whether clause (A) above is satisfied
in connection with the applicable  Corporate  Transaction,  such Parent Company)
will beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively, the
outstanding  shares  of  common  stock of the  corporation  resulting  from such
Corporate  Transaction or the combined  voting power of the  outstanding  voting
securities  of such  corporation  entitled to vote  generally in the election of
directors unless such ownership  resulted solely from ownership of securities of
the Company prior to the Corporate  Transaction,  and (C)  individuals  who were
members of the Incumbent Board will  immediately  after the  consummation of the
Corporate Transaction constitute at least a majority of the members of the board
of directors of the corporation  resulting from such Corporate  Transaction (or,
if reference was made to equity  ownership of any Parent Company for purposes of
determining  whether  clause  (A)  above is  satisfied  in  connection  with the
applicable Corporate Transaction, of the Parent Company); or

         (iv)  The  approval by the  stockholders of the Company  of a  complete
liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

<PAGE>

    (f)  "Change in Control  Price"  means,  with  respect to an AT&T Share or a
Wireless Group Share, as the case may be, the higher of (A) the highest reported
sales price,  regular way, of such Share in any transaction  reported on the New
York Stock  Exchange  Composite  Tape or other  national  exchange on which such
Shares are listed or on NASDAQ  during the 60-day  period prior to and including
the date of a Change in Control or (B) if the Change in Control is the result of
a tender or exchange  offer or a Corporate  Transaction,  the highest  price per
such Share  paid in such  tender or  exchange  offer or  Corporate  Transaction;
provided  however,  that in the  case  of  Incentive  Stock  Options  and  Stock
Appreciation  Rights relating to Incentive Stock Options,  the Change in Control
Price  shall be the Fair Market  Value of such Share on the date such  Incentive
Stock  Option or Stock  Appreciation  Right is  exercised  or  deemed  exercised
pursuant to Section 11(b). To the extent that the consideration paid in any such
transaction  described  above  consists  all or in part of  securities  or other
noncash   consideration,   the  value  of  such   securities  or  other  noncash
consideration shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Board.

    (g)  "Code"  shall mean the Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986, as amended from
time to time, and any successor thereto.

    (h)  "Committee" shall mean the Compensation and Employee Benefits Committee
of the Board, or any successor to such committee,  composed of no fewer than two
directors  each of whom is a  Non-Employee  Director  and an "outside  director"
within the meaning of Section  162(m) of the Code,  or any  successor  provision
thereto.

    (i)  "Company" shall mean AT&T Corp., a New York corporation.

    (j)  "Covered  Employee" shall mean a "covered  employee" within the meaning
of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code, or any successor provision thereto.

    (k)  "Employee"  shall mean any employee of the Company or of any Affiliate.
Unless  otherwise  determined  by the  Committee  in its  sole  discretion,  for
purposes  of the  Plan,  an  employee  shall be  considered  to have  terminated
employment and to have ceased to be an Employee if his or her employer ceases to
be an Affiliate, even if he or she continues to be employed by such employer.

    (l)  "Exchange  Act" shall mean  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934, as
amended.

    (m)  "Fair  Market Value"  shall  mean, with  respect to  any  property, the
market  value of such  property  determined  by such  methods or  procedures  as
shall be established from time to time by the Committee.

    (n)  "Incentive  Stock Option" shall mean an Option  granted under Section 6
hereof that is intended to meet the  requirements  of Section 422 of the Code or
any successor provision thereto.

    (o)  "Non-Employee  Director"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in Rule
16b-3(b)(3)  promulgated  by the Securities  and Exchange  Commission  under the
Exchange Act, or any successor definition adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

    (p)  "Nonstatutory  Stock  Option"  shall  mean  an  Option  granted   under
Section 6 hereof that is not intended to be an Incentive Stock Option.

<PAGE>

    (q)  "Option"  shall mean any right granted to a  Participant under the Plan
allowing such  Participant to purchase Shares at such price or prices and during
such period or periods as the Committee shall determine.

    (r)  "Other Stock Unit Award" shall mean any right granted to a  Participant
by the Committee pursuant to Section 10 hereof.

    (s)  "Participant"  shall mean an Employee or  Non-Employee  Director who is
selected by the Committee to receive an Award under the Plan.

    (t)  "Performance  Award"  shall  mean any  Award of  Performance  Shares or
Performance Units pursuant to Section 9 hereof.

    (u)  "Performance  Period"   shall  mean  that  period  established  by  the
Committee  at  the  time  any  Performance  Award is  granted  or  at  any  time
thereafter  during  which any  performance  goals  specified  by  the  Committee
with respect to such Award are to be measured.

    (v)  "Performance  Share"  shall  mean  any  grant  pursuant  to  Section  9
hereof of  a unit valued by reference to a  designated  number of Shares,  which
value  may be  paid to the  Participant  by  delivery  of such  property  as the
Committee  shall determine,  including,  without  limitation,  cash,  Shares, or
any  combination thereof,  upon  achievement  of such  performance  goals during
the  Performance  Period as the  Committee shall establish  at the time  of such
grant or thereafter.

    (w)  "Performance  Unit" shall mean any grant  pursuant to  Section 9 hereof
of a unit valued by  reference  to a  designated  amount of property  other than
Shares,  which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property
as the Committee shall determine,  including,  without limitation, cash, Shares,
or any combination  thereof,  upon achievement of such performance  goals during
the  Performance  Period as the  Committee  shall  establish at the time of such
grant or thereafter.

    (x)  "Person"   shall  mean  any   individual,   corporation,   partnership,
association,   joint-stock  company,  trust,  unincorporated  organization,   or
government or political subdivision thereof.

    (y)  "Restricted Stock" shall  mean any  Share issued  with the  restriction
that the holder may not sell,  transfer,  pledge,  or assign such Share and with
such other  restrictions as the Committee,  in its sole  discretion,  may impose
(including, without limitation, any restriction on the right to vote such Share,
and the right to  receive  any cash  dividends),  which  restrictions  may lapse
separately  or in  combination  at  such  time  or  times,  in  installments  or
otherwise, as the Committee may deem appropriate.

    (z)  "Restricted Stock Award" shall mean an award of Restricted  Stock under
Section 8 hereof.

    (Aa)  "Senior  Manager"  shall  mean  any  Employee  of the  Company  or any
Affiliate  holding a position above E band or any future salary band that is the
equivalent thereof.

    (Bb)  "Shares" shall mean, collectively or as the case may be, (i)the shares
of AT&T Common Stock of the Company,  $1.00 par value ("AT&T Shares"),  and (ii)
the  shares of  Wireless  Group  Common  Stock of the  Company,  $1.00 par value

<PAGE>

("Wireless Group Shares"). "Outstanding Wireless Group Shares" shall mean, as at
any date of  determination,  the sum of (i) the  total  issued  and  outstanding
Wireless Group Shares, plus (ii) the number of Wireless Group Shares represented
by the inter-group  interest held by the "AT&T Common Stock Group" (as described
the Company's  Proxy  Statement  dated  January 26,  2000).  The numbers of AT&T
Shares referred to in the Plan have been adjusted to reflect the Company's 3 for
2 stock split effective April 15, 1999.

    (Cc)  "Stock   Appreciation  Right"  shall  mean  any  right  granted  to  a
Participant  pursuant  to  Section 7 hereof to  receive,  upon  exercise  by the
Participant, the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of
exercise or, if the  Committee  shall so determine in the case of any such right
other than one  related to any  Incentive  Stock  Option,  at any time  during a
specified  period  before the date of exercise  over (ii) the grant price of the
right on the date of grant,  or if granted  in  connection  with an  outstanding
Option on the date of grant of the related Option, as specified by the Committee
in its sole  discretion,  which,  except in the case of Substitute  Awards or in
connection with an adjustment  provided in Section 4(e),  shall not be less than
the Fair  Market  Value of one  Share on such  date of grant of the right or the
related  Option,  as the case may be. Any  payment by the  Company in respect of
such  right may be made in cash,  Shares,  other  property,  or any  combination
thereof, as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine.

    (Dd)  "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation (other than the Company) in an
unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if, at the time of the
granting of the Award, each of the corporations  other than the last corporation
in the  unbroken  chain  owns stock  possessing  50 percent or more of the total
combined  voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other  corporations
in the chain.

    (Ee)  "Substitute  Awards" shall mean Awards granted or Shares issued by the
Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards  previously
granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, by a company acquired
by the Company or with which the Company combines.

    SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION.  The Plan shall be administered by the Committee.
The  Committee  shall have full power and  authority,  subject to such orders or
resolutions not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan as may from time to
time be adopted by the Board,  to: (i) select the  Employees  of the Company and
its Affiliates and Non-Employee Directors of the Company to whom Awards may from
time to time be granted hereunder;  (ii) determine the type or types of Award to
be granted to each Participant  hereunder;  (iii) determine the number of Shares
to be covered by each Award  granted  hereunder;  (iv)  determine  the terms and
conditions,  not  inconsistent  with the  provisions  of the Plan,  of any Award
granted  hereunder;  (v)  determine  whether,  to what  extent  and  under  what
circumstances  Awards  may be  settled  in cash,  Shares  or other  property  or
canceled or suspended;  (vi)  determine  whether,  to what extent and under what
circumstances  cash,  Shares and other  property and other amounts  payable with
respect to an Award under this Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at
the election of the Participant; (vii) interpret and administer the Plan and any
instrument or agreement entered into under the Plan; (viii) establish such rules
and  regulations  and appoint such agents as it shall deem  appropriate  for the
proper  administration  of the Plan; and (ix) make any other  determination  and
take any other  action that the  Committee  deems  necessary  or  desirable  for
administration  of  the  Plan.  Decisions  of  the  Committee  shall  be  final,
conclusive and binding upon all persons, including the Company, any Participant,
any shareholder, and any employee of the Company or of any Affiliate. A majority

<PAGE>

of the members of the  Committee  may determine its actions and fix the time and
place of its  meetings.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing or anything else to the
contrary in the Plan, any action or determination by the Committee  specifically
affecting or relating to an Award to a  Non-Employee  Director shall be approved
and ratified by the Board.

    SECTION 4.  SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

    (a)  Subject  to  adjustment  as  provided  in  Section  4(e),  a  total  of
twenty-two  and one half (22.5) million AT&T Shares shall be available for a one
time  grant of  Options to  substantially  all  Employees  during  1997.  Shares
available  for such one time grant of  Options,  but not used for such  Options,
shall be available for other Awards under the Plan, in 1997 or later years.

    (b)  In addition to the number of AT&T Shares  available under Section 4(a),
and  subject to  adjustment  as  provided  in Section  4(e),  a total of (i) one
hundred twenty-seven and one half (127.5) million AT&T Shares, and (ii) a number
of Wireless  Group Shares equal to 5.00% of the number of  Outstanding  Wireless
Group Shares  shall be available  for Awards  granted  under the Plan;  provided
that,  commencing on January 1, 2000 and on each subsequent January 1 throughout
the term of the Plan, an additional  number of AT&T Shares shall be added to the
number of AT&T  Shares  available  for  Awards  granted  under  the Plan,  which
additional  number of AT&T Shares shall be  calculated  by  multiplying  (x) the
number of AT&T Shares  outstanding  on such  January 1, by (y) 1.75%;  provided,
further,  that the number of AT&T Shares available for Awards other than Options
and/or  Stock  Appreciation  Rights shall not exceed  thirty-seven  and one half
(37.5) million; and provided further that,  commencing on January 1, 2001 and on
each subsequent  January 1 throughout the term of the Plan, an additional number
of Wireless  Group Shares shall be added to the number of Wireless  Group Shares
available for Awards granted under the Plan, which additional number of Wireless
Group Shares shall be calculated by  multiplying  (x) the number of  Outstanding
Wireless Group Shares on such January 1, by (y) 2.00%;  provided,  further, that
the number of Wireless  Group  Shares  available  for Awards  other than Options
and/or  Stock  Appreciation  Rights  shall  not  exceed  1.25% of the  number of
Outstanding  Wireless Group Shares;  and provided,  further,  that if any Shares
subject to an Award or to an award under the Company's  1987 Long Term Incentive
Program or 1984 Stock  Option Plan (the "Prior  Plans") are  forfeited or if any
Award or award under the Prior  Plans  based on Shares is settled  for cash,  or
expires or otherwise is terminated  without issuance of such Shares,  the Shares
subject to such Award shall to the extent of such cash settlement, forfeiture or
termination  again be available for Awards under the Plan. In the event that any
Option or other Award  granted  hereunder is  exercised  through the delivery of
Shares or in the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from such Option
or other Award are satisfied by the  withholding  of Shares by the Company,  the
number of Shares  available  for Awards under the Plan shall be increased by the
number of Shares so  surrendered  or withheld.  In addition,  Substitute  Awards
shall  not  reduce  the  Shares  available  for  grants  under  the Plan or to a
Participant in any calendar year.

    (c)  In addition  to the  number of Wireless  Group  Shares  available under
Section  4(b),  and subject to  adjustment  as provided  in Section  4(e),  such
additional  number of Wireless  Group  Shares as are  required  for Awards as an
adjustment  to  existing  Awards  under the Plan based  upon AT&T  Shares as the
result of any distribution of Wireless Group Shares to holders of AT&T Shares as
more fully described in the Company's Proxy Statement dated January 26, 2000.

<PAGE>

    (d)  Any  Shares  issued  hereunder  may  consist,  in whole  or in part, of
authorized and unissued shares, treasury shares, or shares purchased in the open
market or otherwise.

    (e)  In  the   event   of   any   merger,   reorganization,   consolidation,
recapitalization,  stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, spin-off or
similar transaction or other change in corporate structure affecting the Shares,
such adjustments and other substitutions shall be made to the Plan and to Awards
as  the  Committee  in its  sole  discretion  deems  equitable  or  appropriate,
including without limitation such adjustments in the aggregate number, class and
kind of securities which may be delivered under the Plan, in the aggregate or to
any one Participant,  in the number, class, kind and option or exercise price of
securities subject to outstanding  Options,  Stock Appreciation  Rights or other
Awards granted under the Plan,  and in the number,  class and kind of securities
subject to Awards  granted under the Plan  (including,  if the  Committee  deems
appropriate,  the  substitution of similar options to purchase the shares of, or
other awards denominated in the shares of, another company) as the Committee may
determine to be appropriate in its sole discretion,  provided that the number of
Shares subject to any Award shall always be a whole number.

    SECTION 5.  ELIGIBILITY.  Any  Employee or  Non-Employee  Director  shall be
eligible to be selected as a  Participant,  provided,  however,  that  Incentive
Stock Options shall only be awarded to Employees of the Company.

    SECTION 6.  STOCK OPTIONS.  Options may be granted hereunder to Participants
either alone or in addition to other Awards  granted under the Plan.  Any Option
granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award  Agreement in such form as
the Committee may from time to time approve. Any such Option shall be subject to
the following terms and conditions and to such additional  terms and conditions,
not  inconsistent  with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee  shall deem
desirable:

    (a) OPTION PRICE.   The purchase price per Share purchasable under an Option
shall be  determined  by the Committee in its sole  discretion;  provided  that,
except in the case of  Substitute  Awards or in  connection  with an  adjustment
provided for in Section  4(e),  such  purchase  price shall not be less than the
Fair Market Value of the Share on the date of the grant of the Option.

    (b) OPTION PERIOD.   The term of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee
in its sole discretion;  provided that no Option shall be exercisable  after the
expiration of ten years from the date the Option is granted.

    (c) EXERCISABILITY.   Options shall be exercisable at  such time or times as
determined by the Committee at or subsequent to grant.

    (d) METHOD OF EXERCISE.   Subject to the other  provisions  of the Plan, any
Option may be exercised by the  Participant  in whole or in part at such time or
times,  and the Participant may make payment of the option price in such form or
forms,  including,  without  limitation,  payment by delivery of cash, Shares or
other  consideration  (including,  where  permitted  by law and  the  Committee,
Awards)  having a Fair  Market  Value on the  exercise  date  equal to the total
option price, or by any combination of cash,  Shares and other  consideration as
the Committee may specify in the applicable Award Agreement.

<PAGE>

    (e) INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS.   In  accordance  with  rules   and  procedures
established  by the Committee,  and except as otherwise  provided in Section 11,
the  aggregate  Fair Market  Value  (determined  as of the time of grant) of the
Shares with respect to which  Incentive  Stock  Options held by any  Participant
which are exercisable for the first time by such Participant during any calendar
year under the Plan (and  under any other  benefit  plans of the  Company or any
Subsidiary) shall not exceed $100,000 or, if different,  the maximum  limitation
in effect at the time of grant under  Section 422 of the Code,  or any successor
provision,  and any regulations promulgated thereunder.  Incentive Stock Options
shall be granted  only to  participants  who are  employees  of the Company or a
Subsidiary  of the Company.  The terms of any  Incentive  Stock  Option  granted
hereunder shall comply in all respects with the provisions of Section 422 of the
Code, or any successor provision,  and any regulations  promulgated  thereunder.
The aggregate number of Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options may
be granted under the Plan shall not exceed (i) seventy-five  (75) million in the
case of AT&T  Shares,  and (ii) 50.00% of the  aggregate  number of all Wireless
Group Shares  available for Awards under the Plan in the case of Wireless  Group
Shares.

    (f) FORM OF SETTLEMENT.   In its sole discretion, the Committee may provide,
at the time of grant,  that the Shares to be issued  upon an  Option's  exercise
shall be in the form of  Restricted  Stock or other similar  securities,  or may
reserve the right so to provide after the time of grant.

    SECTION 7.  STOCK  APPRECIATION  RIGHTS.  Stock  Appreciation  Rights may be
granted  hereunder to  Participants  either alone or in addition to other Awards
granted  under the Plan and may,  but need  not,  relate  to a  specific  Option
granted under Section 6. The provisions of Stock Appreciation Rights need not be
the same with respect to each recipient. Any Stock Appreciation Right related to
a  Nonstatutory  Stock  Option may be  granted  at the same time such  Option is
granted or at any time thereafter  before exercise or expiration of such Option.
Any Stock  Appreciation  Right  related to an  Incentive  Stock  Option  must be
granted  at the same  time  such  Option  is  granted.  In the case of any Stock
Appreciation  Right  related  to any  Option,  the Stock  Appreciation  Right or
applicable portion thereof shall terminate and no longer be exercisable upon the
termination or exercise of the related Option,  except that a Stock Appreciation
Right  granted with respect to less than the full number of Shares  covered by a
related  Option shall not be reduced  until the exercise or  termination  of the
related   Option  exceeds  the  number  of  Shares  not  covered  by  the  Stock
Appreciation  Right. Any Option related to any Stock Appreciation Right shall no
longer be  exercisable  to the extent the related Stock  Appreciation  Right has
been exercised.  The Committee may impose such conditions or restrictions on the
exercise of any Stock Appreciation Right as it shall deem appropriate,  provided
that no Stock  Appreciation Right shall have a term that is longer than ten (10)
years.

    SECTION 8.  RESTRICTED STOCK.

    (a) ISSUANCE.    A Restricted  Stock Award shall be subject to  restrictions
imposed by the Committee during a period of time specified by the Committee (the
"Restriction  Period").  Restricted  Stock  Awards  may be issued  hereunder  to
Participants, for no cash consideration or for such minimum consideration as may
be required  by  applicable  law,  either  alone or in addition to other  Awards
granted under the Plan.  The  provisions of Restricted  Stock Awards need not be
the same with respect to each recipient.

<PAGE>

    (b) REGISTRATION.  Any Restricted Stock issued hereunder may be evidenced in
such manner as the  Committee  in its sole  discretion  shall deem  appropriate,
including,  without limitation,  book-entry  registration or issuance of a stock
certificate  or  certificates.  In the event any stock  certificate is issued in
respect of shares of Restricted  Stock awarded under the Plan, such  certificate
shall  be  registered  in the  name  of  the  Participant,  and  shall  bear  an
appropriate  legend  referring  to  the  terms,  conditions,   and  restrictions
applicable to such Award.

    (c) FORFEITURE.  Except as otherwise determined by the Committee at the time
of grant or thereafter, upon termination of employment for any reason during the
restriction  period, all Shares of Restricted Stock still subject to restriction
shall  be  forfeited  by  the   Participant   and  reacquired  by  the  Company.
Unrestricted  Shares,  evidenced  in such  manner as the  Committee  shall  deem
appropriate,  shall be  issued  to the  grantee  promptly  after  the  period of
forfeiture, as determined or modified by the Committee, shall expire.

    (d) MINIMUM VESTING CONDITION.  The minimum Restriction Period applicable to
any  Restricted  Stock  Award  that is not  subject  to  performance  conditions
restricting transfer shall be three (3) years from the date of grant;  provided,
however,  that a Restriction Period of less than three (3) years may be approved
under the Plan for such  Awards with  respect to (i) up to twelve  (12)  million
AT&T Shares, and (ii) up to 0.50% of the Outstanding Wireless Group Shares.

    SECTION 9. PERFORMANCE AWARDS. Performance Awards may be issued hereunder to
Participants, for no cash consideration or for such minimum consideration as may
be required  by  applicable  law,  either  alone or in addition to other  Awards
granted  under the Plan.  The  performance  criteria to be  achieved  during any
Performance  Period and the length of the Performance Period shall be determined
by the Committee upon the grant of each Performance Award. Except as provided in
Section 11,  Performance  Awards will be  distributed  only after the end of the
relevant  Performance  Period.  Performance  Awards may be paid in cash, Shares,
other  property  or any  combination  thereof,  in the  sole  discretion  of the
Committee at the time of payment. The performance levels to be achieved for each
Performance  Period  and the  amount  of the  Award to be  distributed  shall be
conclusively  determined by the Committee.  Performance  Awards may be paid in a
lump sum or in installments following the close of the Performance Period or, in
accordance with procedures established by the Committee, on a deferred basis.

    SECTION 10.  OTHER STOCK UNIT AWARDS.

    (a) STOCK AND  ADMINISTRATION.  Other Awards of Shares and other Awards that
are  valued  in whole or in part by  reference  to, or are  otherwise  based on,
Shares or other property ("Other Stock Unit Awards") may be granted hereunder to
Participants,  either  alone or in addition to other  Awards  granted  under the
Plan.  Other Stock Unit Awards may be paid in Shares,  cash or any other form of
property as the  Committee  shall  determine.  Subject to the  provisions of the
Plan,  the  Committee  shall have sole and complete  authority to determine  the
Employees of the Company and its Affiliates and  Non-Employee  Directors to whom
and the time or times at which such Awards  shall be made,  the number of Shares
to be granted  pursuant to such Awards,  and all other conditions of the Awards.
The  provisions  of Other Stock Unit Awards need not be the same with respect to
each recipient.

<PAGE>

    (b) TERMS AND  CONDITIONS.  Subject to the  provisions  of this Plan and any
applicable Award Agreement,  Awards and Shares subject to Awards made under this
Section  10,  may not be  sold,  assigned,  transferred,  pledged  or  otherwise
encumbered  prior to the date on which the Shares are issued,  or, if later, the
date on which any applicable restriction, performance or deferral period lapses.
For any Award or Shares  subject to any Award  made  under  this  Section 10 the
transferability  of which  is  conditioned  only on the  passage  of time,  such
restriction  period  shall be a minimum  of three (3) years.  Shares  (including
securities convertible into Shares) subject to Awards granted under this Section
10 may be issued for no cash consideration or for such minimum  consideration as
may be required by applicable law. Shares (including securities convertible into
Shares)  purchased  pursuant to a purchase  right  awarded under this Section 10
shall be purchased for such  consideration  as the  Committee  shall in its sole
discretion determine,  which, except in the case of Substitute Awards, shall not
be less than the Fair Market Value of such Shares or other  securities as of the
date such purchase right is awarded.

    SECTION 11.  CHANGE IN CONTROL PROVISIONS.

    (a) IMPACT OF EVENT.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the
contrary,  unless the Committee shall  determine  otherwise at the time of grant
with respect to a particular Award, in the event of a Change in Control:

        (i)  any Options and Stock  Appreciation  Rights  outstanding  as of the
date such Change in Control is  determined to have  occurred,  and which are not
then  exercisable and vested,  shall become fully  exercisable and vested to the
full extent of the original grant;

        (ii)   the  restrictions  and  deferral  limitations  applicable  to any
Restricted Stock shall lapse, and such Restricted Stock shall become free of all
restrictions  and  limitations  and become fully vested and  transferable to the
full extent of the original grant;

        (iii)  all  Performance  Awards  shall be  considered  to be earned  and
payable in full,  and any  deferral  or other  restriction  shall lapse and such
Performance Awards shall be immediately settled or distributed; and

        (iv)  The  restrictions  and deferral  limitations and other  conditions
applicable  to any Other Stock Unit Awards or any other Awards shall lapse,  and
such  Other  Stock Unit  Awards or such other  Awards  hall  become  free of all
restrictions, limitations or conditions and become fully vested and transferable
to the full extent of the original grant.

    (b) CHANGE IN CONTROL CASH-OUT.  Notwithstanding  any other provision of the
Plan, during the 60-day period from and after a Change in Control (the "Exercise
Period"), if the Committee shall determine at, or at any time after, the time of
grant, a Participant  holding an Option or Stock  Appreciation  Right shall have
the  right,  whether  or not the  Option  or Stock  Appreciation  Right is fully
exercisable  and in lieu of the  payment  of the  purchase  price for the Shares
being  purchased  under  the  Option or Stock  Appreciation  Right and by giving
notice to the Company, to elect (within the Exercise Period) to surrender all or
part of the Option or Stock  Appreciation  Right to the  Company  and to receive
cash,  within 30 days of such notice,  in an amount equal to the amount by which
the Change in Control Price per Share on the date of such election  shall exceed
the purchase price per Share under the Option or Stock  Appreciation  Right (the

<PAGE>

"Spread")  multiplied by the number of Shares  granted under the Option or Stock
Appreciation  right as to which the right granted under this Section 11(b) shall
have been exercised.

    (c) Notwithstanding  any other provision  of this Plan, if any right granted
pursuant to this Plan would make a Change in Control transaction  ineligible for
pooling-of-interests  accounting  under APB No. 16, that (after giving effect to
any other  actions  taken to cause  such  transaction  to be  eligible  for such
pooling-of-interests  accounting  treatment)  but for the  nature of such  right
would otherwise be eligible for such accounting  treatment,  the Committee shall
have the  ability to  substitute  for the cash  payable  pursuant  to such right
Shares  with a Fair  Market  Value  equal to the cash that  would  otherwise  be
payable pursuant thereto.

    SECTION 12.  CODE SECTION 162(m) PROVISIONS.

    (a) Notwithstanding  any  other  provision  of this Plan,  if the  Committee
determines at the time Restricted  Stock, a Performance  Award or an Other Stock
Unit Award is granted to a Participant who is then a Senior Manager or an E band
employee that such  Participant  is, or is likely to be as of the end of the tax
year in which the Company would claim a tax  deduction in  connection  with such
Award, a Covered  Employee,  then the Committee may provide that this Section 12
is applicable to such Award.

    (b) If an  Award  is  subject  to this  Section  12,  then  the  lapsing  of
restrictions  thereon and the  distribution  of cash,  Shares or other  property
pursuant thereto,  as applicable,  shall be subject to the achievement of one or
more objective  performance goals  established by the Committee,  which shall be
based on the  attainment of specified  levels of one or any  combination  of the
following:  net cash provided by operating  activities,  earnings per share from
continuing  operations,  operating  income,  revenues,  gross margin,  return on
operating  assets,   return  on  equity,   economic  value  added,  stock  price
appreciation,  total stockholder  return, or cost control, of the Company or the
Affiliate  or division of the Company  for or within  which the  Participant  is
primarily  employed.   Such  performance  goals  also  may  be  based  upon  the
achievement  of  specified  levels of Company  performance  (or  performance  of
applicable  Affiliate  or  division  of the  Company)  under  one or more of the
measures described above relative to the performance of other corporations. Such
performance  goals  shall  be  set by  the  Committee  within  the  time  period
prescribed  by, and shall  otherwise  comply with the  requirements  of, Section
162(m) of the Code,  or any successor  provision  thereto,  and the  regulations
thereunder.

    (c) Notwithstanding  any provision of this Plan other than  Section 11, with
respect  to any Award  that is subject to this  Section  12, the  Committee  may
adjust  downwards,  but not upwards,  the amount payable pursuant to such Award,
and the Committee may not waive the  achievement of the  applicable  performance
goals except in the case of the death or disability of the Participant.

    (d) The Committee shall have the power to impose such other  restrictions on
Awards  subject to this Section 12 as it may deem  necessary or  appropriate  to
ensure  that  such  Awards  satisfy  all  requirements  for   "performance-based
compensation"  within the meaning of Section  162(m) (4) (C) of the Code, or any
successor provision thereto.

    (e) Notwithstanding  any  provision of  this Plan other than  Section  4(e),
commencing with calendar year 1999, no Participant may be granted Options and/or

<PAGE>

SARs in any  calendar  year  period  with  respect  to more than  three  million
(3,000,000) AT&T Shares, or more than three million  (3,000,000)  Wireless Group
Shares and the maximum  dollar value payable with respect to  Performance  Units
and/or Other Stock Unit Awards that are valued with  reference to property other
than  Shares  and  granted  to any  Participant  in any  one  calendar  year  is
$10,000,000.

    SECTION 13. AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION. The Board may amend, alter, suspend,
discontinue or terminate the Plan or any portion  thereof at any time;  provided
that no such amendment, alteration,  suspension,  discontinuation or termination
shall be made without (i) shareholder  approval if such approval is necessary to
qualify for or comply with any tax or regulatory  requirement  for which or with
which the Board deems it necessary or desirable to qualify or comply or (ii) the
consent of the affected  Participant,  if such action would impair the rights of
such Participant under any outstanding  Award.  Notwithstanding  anything to the
contrary  herein,  the  Committee  may amend  the Plan in such  manner as may be
necessary so as to have the Plan conform to local rules and  regulations  in any
jurisdiction outside the United States.

    The  Committee  may  amend  the  terms  of any  Award  theretofore  granted,
prospectively or retroactively, but no such amendment shall impair the rights of
any  Participant  without his or her consent.  Notwithstanding  any provision of
this  plan,  the  Committee  may not amend the terms of any Option to reduce the
option price nor may the Committee,  without prior shareholder approval,  cancel
any  outstanding  Option and  replace it with a new Option  with a lower  option
price,  where the economic effect would be the same as reducing the option price
of the canceled Option.

    SECTION 14.  GENERAL PROVISIONS.

    (a) Unless  the  Committee  determines  otherwise  at the time  the Award is
granted or thereafter:  (i) no Award,  and no Shares subject to Awards described
in  Section  10 which  have  not  been  issued  or as to  which  any  applicable
restriction,  performance  or  deferral  period  has not  lapsed,  may be  sold,
assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, except by will or by the
laws of  descent  and  distribution;  provided  that,  if so  determined  by the
Committee,  a  Participant  may,  in the manner  established  by the  Committee,
designate a beneficiary to exercise the rights of the  Participant  with respect
to any Award upon the death of the  Participant;  and (ii) each  Award  shall be
exercisable,  during the Participant's  lifetime, only by the Participant or, if
permissible  under  applicable  law,  by the  Participant's  guardian  or  legal
representative.

    (b) The term of each Award  shall be for such period of months or years from
the date of its grant as may be determined by the Committee; provided that in no
event shall the term of any Stock Option or any Stock  Appreciation Right exceed
a period of ten (10) years from the date of its grant.

    (c) No Employee or Participant  shall have any claim to be granted any Award
under  the Plan and  there is no  obligation  for  uniformity  of  treatment  of
Employees or Participants under the Plan.

    (d) The  prospective  recipient of any Award under the Plan shall not,  with
respect to such Award,  be deemed to have become a  Participant,  or to have any
rights with respect to such Award,  until and unless such  recipient  shall have
executed an agreement or other  instrument  evidencing the Award and delivered a

<PAGE>

copy thereof to the Company,  and otherwise  complied  with the then  applicable
terms and conditions.

    (e) Except as provided in Section 12, the  Committee  shall be authorized to
make adjustments in performance award criteria or in the terms and conditions of
other Awards in  recognition  of unusual or  nonrecurring  events  affecting the
Company or its financial  statements or changes in applicable laws,  regulations
or  accounting  principles.  The  Committee  may correct any defect,  supply any
omission or reconcile any  inconsistency  in the Plan or any Award in the manner
and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry it into effect.  In the event
the Company shall assume  outstanding  employee  benefit  awards or the right or
obligation to make future such awards in connection  with the  acquisition of or
combination with another  corporation or business entity,  the Committee may, in
its discretion,  make such  adjustments in the terms of Awards under the Plan as
it shall deem appropriate.

    (f) The Committee shall have full power and authority to determine  whether,
to what  extent and under what  circumstances  any Award  shall be  canceled  or
suspended.  In addition,  all  outstanding  Awards to any  Participant  shall be
canceled if the Participant,  without the consent of the Company, while employed
by  the  Company  or  after  termination  of  such  employment,   establishes  a
relationship with a competitor of the Company or engages in activity which is in
conflict with or adverse to the interest of the Company, as determined under the
AT&T Non-Competition Guideline.

    (g) All  certificates  for Shares  delivered  under the Plan pursuant to any
Award shall be subject to such  stock-transfer  orders and other restrictions as
the  Committee  may deem  advisable  under  the  rules,  regulations,  and other
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  any stock exchange upon
which the Shares are then listed, and any applicable Federal or state securities
law,  and the  Committee  may  cause a legend or  legends  to be put on any such
certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.

    (h) No  Award  granted  hereunder  shall  be  construed  as an offer to sell
securities of the Company,  and no such offer shall be  outstanding,  unless and
until the Committee in its sole  discretion has determined  that any such offer,
if made,  would be in compliance  with all applicable  requirements  of the U.S.
federal  securities laws and any other laws to which such offer, if made,  would
be subject.

     (i) The Committee shall be authorized to establish  procedures  pursuant to
which the payment of any Award may be deferred. Subject to the provisions of the
Plan and any Award  Agreement,  the  recipient of an Award  (including,  without
limitation,  any deferred  Award) may, if so  determined  by the  Committee,  be
entitled to receive,  currently or on a deferred basis, cash dividends,  or cash
payments  in  amounts   equivalent  to  cash  dividends  on  Shares   ("dividend
equivalents"),  with  respect to the number of Shares  covered by the Award,  as
determined  by the  Committee,  in its sole  discretion,  and the  Committee may
provide  that such amounts (if any) shall be deemed to have been  reinvested  in
additional Shares or otherwise reinvested.

    (j) Except as otherwise required in any applicable Award Agreement or by the
terms of the Plan,  recipients of Awards under the Plan shall not be required to
make any payment or provide consideration other than the rendering of services.

<PAGE>

    (k) The Committee may delegate to one or more Senior Managers or a committee
of Senior  Managers the right to grant Awards to Employees  who are not officers
or directors of the Company and to cancel or suspend Awards to Employees who are
not officers or directors of the Company.

    (l) The Company  shall be  authorized  to withhold from any Award granted or
payment due under the Plan the amount of withholding  taxes due in respect of an
Award or payment  hereunder and to take such other action as may be necessary in
the opinion of the Company to satisfy  all  obligations  for the payment of such
taxes. The Committee shall be authorized to establish procedures for election by
Participants  to  satisfy  such  obligations  for the  payment  of such taxes by
delivery of or transfer of Shares to the Company, or by directing the Company to
retain Shares otherwise deliverable in connection with the Award.

    (m) Nothing  contained  in this Plan shall  prevent the Board from  adopting
other or additional compensation  arrangements,  subject to shareholder approval
if such  approval is required;  and such  arrangements  may be either  generally
applicable or applicable only in specific cases.

    (n) The  validity,  construction,  and  effect of the Plan and any rules and
regulations relating to the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York and applicable Federal law.

    (o) If any  provision  of this  Plan is or  becomes  or is  deemed  invalid,
illegal or  unenforceable in any  jurisdiction,  or would disqualify the Plan or
any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall
be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable  laws or if it cannot be
construed or deemed  amended  without,  in the  determination  of the Committee,
materially  altering  the  intent  of the  Plan,  it shall be  stricken  and the
remainder of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect.

    (p) Awards  may be granted to  Participants  who are  foreign  nationals  or
employed  outside  the United  States,  or both,  on such  terms and  conditions
different  from those  applicable to Awards to Employees  employed in the United
States as may, in the  judgment of the  Committee,  be necessary or desirable in
order to recognize  differences  in local law or tax policy.  The Committee also
may impose  conditions on the exercise or vesting of Awards in order to minimize
the  Company's  obligation  with respect to tax  equalization  for  Employees on
assignments outside their home country.

    SECTION 15.  EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN.  The  Plan  shall  be effective  as  of
June 1, 1997.

    SECTION 16.  TERM OF PLAN.    No  Award  shall  be granted pursuant  to  the
Plan  after May 31, 2004,  but any Award  theretofore granted  may extend beyond
that date.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATION OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>


                                   AT&T Corp.
                Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
                              (Dollars in Millions)
                                   (Unaudited)


                                         For the years ended December 31,
                                       1999    1998    1997    1996    1995

Income from continuing
  operations before
  income taxes                       $6,685  $8,307  $6,972  $8,697  $4,925

Less interest capitalized
  during the period                     143     197     254     193     107

Add equity investment losses,
  net of distributions of
  less than 50% owned
  affiliates                            966     288     144     155     205

Add fixed charges                     2,387     872     846     855     730

Total earnings from
  continuing operations
  before income taxes
  and fixed charges                  $9,895  $9,270  $7,708  $9,514  $5,753



Fixed Charges:

Total interest expense
  including capitalized
  interest                           $1,794  $  624  $  562  $  610  $  508

Interest portion of
  rental expense                        276     248     284     245     222

Dividend requirements on
  subsidiary preferred stock
  and interest on trust
  preferred securities                  317       -       -       -       -

  Total fixed charges                $2,387  $  872   $ 846  $  855  $  730

Ratio of earnings
  to fixed charges                      4.1    10.6     9.1    11.1     7.9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>SPECIFIED PORTIONS OF COMPANY'S ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                                                                      Exhibit 13

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

INTRODUCTION
In 1999, we made  significant  strides to transform AT&T and deliver growth.  We
finalized  many of the  strategic  acquisitions  we  announced  in 1998 and made
additional investments to further support our facilities-based  growth strategy.
We continued to maintain the execution-focused culture of the new AT&T.

One of the most  dynamic  areas in 1999 was our  wireless  business.  Increasing
demand for wireless  services and the  continued  appeal of our Digital One Rate
(sm) plans drove Wireless  Services  revenue to grow  approximately  40% for the
year.  Throughout  1999 we continued to expand our  national  footprint.  In the
second quarter, we completed the acquisition of Vanguard Cellular Systems, which
was announced in 1998; in August we closed the acquisition of Honolulu Cellular;
and in October we announced the acquisition of American Cellular Corp. through a
newly created joint venture  between AT&T and Dobson  Communications.  We capped
off the year by  proposing  the  creation of a new class of tracking  stock that
will reflect the economic  performance  of the AT&T  Wireless  Group.  While the
Wireless  Group will  remain  part of AT&T,  the  separate  tracking  stock will
provide current  shareowners and future  investors with a security tied directly
to the performance of this business.

As we worked to grow our wireless  businesses in 1999,  we also started  putting
the bricks  and  mortar  around our  broadband  plans - a key  component  of our
overall   growth   strategy.   We   completed   our  $52  billion   merger  with
Tele-Communications, Inc. (TCI) in March, and quickly accelerated the upgrade of
the TCI cable plant,  which will enable us to develop additional revenue streams
from  any-distance  cable telephony,  high-speed data, and digital video. By the
end of 1999,  TCI,  renamed AT&T  Broadband,  was offering cable telephony in 16
cities   within   nine  pilot   markets,   digital-video   subscribers   totaled
approximately  1.8 million,  and more than 200,000  customers  had signed up for
high-speed  data  service.  To expand our  national  cable  network  beyond AT&T
Broadband's  systems,  we announced in May the $57 billion merger with MediaOne.
When the  merger  is  completed  in 2000,  we will  significantly  increase  our
presence  in major  metropolitan  markets  across  the  country  with  owned and
operated cable systems passing more than 26 million homes.

In addition to the accomplishments in our domestic growth  initiatives,  we also
made  significant  progress in our global  strategy.  Most notably,  we launched
Concert - a leading global  telecommunications  company  created  through AT&T's
joint venture with British  Telecommunications  plc (BT). Concert represents the
core of our global strategy and began serving multinational  business customers,
international  carriers and Internet service  providers in January 2000. As part
of our  relationship  with  Concert  and BT,  we also  made  several  in-country
facility-based  investments  during 1999,  including  AT&T Canada Corp.,  Rogers
Cantel in Canada,  and Japan  Telecom.  We also  completed  the  purchase of IBM
Global Network  Services and now provide data networking  services to businesses
around the world as AT&T Global Network Services (AGNS).

[Included in the 1999 Annual Report are pie charts entitled "Revenue
Diversification by Product." These charts depict revenue by product for 1998 and
1999.]

In addition to delivering on our domestic and global  strategic  objectives  for
1999, we also achieved the aggressive financial targets we set for the year. We

<PAGE>

delivered  revenue growth of 6.2% on a pro forma basis for the  acquisitions  of
AT&T Broadband and AGNS, hitting our targeted range of 5% to 7%. The majority of
the  increase  came from our  growth  businesses,  showing  the  success  of our
investment  strategy  as it  begins  to shift  our  revenue  base away from long
distance voice  revenue.  Just one year ago, long distance voice revenue was 75%
of our  total  revenue;  in 1999 it  dropped  to 62%.  While  long  distance  is
increasingly  becoming  a  commodity,  as  evidenced  by the  continued  pricing
pressures in the industry,  its current  profitability  supports  investments in
growth  businesses.  These  growth  businesses  in turn  will  support  the long
distance  business as we include  long  distance  as a component  of a bundle of
competitively priced services.

In order to become truly  competitive,  we must become the low-cost  provider in
the industry,  and  therefore,  we are continuing our efforts to reduce our cost
structure.  A year ago, we committed to reducing our 1999  selling,  general and
administrative  (SG&A)  expenses  to  23%  of  revenue.  We  beat  that  target,
delivering  an SG&A  expense-to-revenue  ratio  of  21.7%  for the  year,  which
translates into approximately $830 million of SG&A expense savings compared with
our  targets.  The  fourth  quarter  came in at just  21.2%.  That's a  dramatic
improvement from 1997, when the SG&A  expense-to-revenue  ratio for the year was
27.9%.  While we've been  successful in driving  costs out of the  business,  we
still have more to do. We will  continue to attack  costs and have  committed to
cutting $2 billion in costs by the end of 2000 by continuing  to streamline  our
SG&A expenses and by lowering our network  costs by moving more data,  voice and
wireless traffic onto our expanding network of global facilities.

Not surprisingly,  our success in growing revenue and shrinking costs allowed us
to deliver strong cash flow results in 1999, with cash from  operations  growing
to $11.6 billion - up 13.9% from 1998.  In 1999,  we generated  $18.3 billion of
reported EBITDA [earnings,  including other income  (expense),  before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization].

As  anticipated,  the positive impact of our revenue growth and cost controls on
earnings  per share was more than offset by the impact of shares  issued and the
franchise, goodwill and other purchased intangibles amortization associated with
our investments and acquisitions.  As a result,  earnings per diluted share were
10.3% below 1998.  We  undertook an  aggressive  stock  buyback  program to help
offset some of the dilutive impacts of these acquisitions,  and since the second
half  of  1998  we've  repurchased  nearly  220  million  shares,  at a cost  of
approximately  $10 billion.  In 2000, we plan to  repurchase  another 50 million
shares from Cox Communications, Inc., in exchange for cable properties and cash.

We've come a long way in 1999. As the following pages present in further detail,
we've made solid progress in our strategy to transform AT&T, and we've delivered
on our  commitments  for growth and expense  control.  There is still much to be
done, but we finished 1999 with pride in our  accomplishments  and confidence in
our ability to sustain the momentum and further accelerate our growth in 2000.

OVERVIEW
AT&T is among the world's  communications  leaders,  providing  voice,  data and
video telecommunications  services to large and small businesses,  consumers and
government  agencies.  We provide  domestic  and  international  long  distance,
regional,  local and wireless  communications  services,  cable  television  and
Internet  communication  services.  AT&T also  provides  billing,  directory and
calling-card services to support our communications business.

<PAGE>

MERGER WITH TCI
We completed the merger with TCI, renamed AT&T Broadband  (Broadband),  on March
9, 1999, in an all-stock  transaction  valued at approximately  $52 billion.  We
issued  approximately  664 million  shares,  of which 149 million were  treasury
shares that were repurchased in anticipation of the Broadband merger.

The  merger  was  recorded  under  the  purchase   method  of  accounting   and,
accordingly,  the results of Broadband  have been  included  with the  financial
results of AT&T since the date of acquisition.  Periods prior to the merger were
not restated to include the results of Broadband.

In connection with this transaction, we also issued a separate tracking stock to
reflect the  economic  performance  of Liberty  Media Group  (LMG),  Broadband's
former programming and technology investment businesses. We issued 1,140 million
shares of Liberty  Media  Group  Class A tracking  stock  (including  60 million
shares related to the conversion of convertible notes) and 110 million shares of
Liberty  Media  Group  Class B  tracking  stock.  We do not  have a  controlling
financial  interest in Liberty  Media Group for financial  accounting  purposes;
therefore,  our  ownership in LMG is reflected as an  investment  accounted  for
under the  equity  method in the AT&T  consolidated  financial  statements.  The
amounts  attributable to LMG are reflected as separate line items "Equity losses
from Liberty  Media Group" and  "Investment  in Liberty  Media Group and related
receivables, net" in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Broadband's cable and certain other operations, including its ownership interest
in  At  Home   Corporation   (Excite@Home)   and   Cablevision   Systems   Corp.
(Cablevision),  but excluding LMG, were combined with the existing operations of
AT&T to form the AT&T Common Stock Group (AT&T Group), the economic  performance
of which is represented by AT&T common stock. References to AT&T common stock do
not include the LMG tracking stock.

Ownership of shares of AT&T common stock or Liberty  Media Class A or B tracking
stock does not represent a direct legal  interest in the assets and  liabilities
of either of the groups, but an ownership of AT&T in total. Each of these shares
represents an interest in the economic  performance of the net assets of each of
these groups.  Accordingly,  the earnings and losses related to LMG are excluded
from earnings  available to AT&T Group,  and earnings and losses related to AT&T
Group are excluded from earnings available to LMG.

Because we account for LMG as an equity investment, revenue, operating expenses,
other income (expense),  interest expense and provision for taxes for AT&T Group
are the same as consolidated AT&T.

The  discussion  and  analysis  that  follows  provides  information  management
believes is relevant to an assessment and  understanding of AT&T's  consolidated
results of operations for the years ended December 31, 1999,  1998 and 1997, and
financial condition as of December 31, 1999 and 1998.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Except  for  the  historical   statements  and  discussions   contained  herein,
statements contained herein constitute  "forward-looking  statements" within the
meaning of Section  27A of the  Securities  Act of 1933 and  Section  21E of the
Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  including  statements   concerning  future
operating performance,  AT&T's share of new and existing markets,  AT&T's short-
and long-term  revenue and earnings  growth rates,  and general  industry growth
rates and AT&T's performance relative thereto. These forward-looking  statements
rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events, including the adoption

<PAGE>

and  implementation  of balanced  and  effective  rules and  regulations  by the
Federal  Communications   Commission  (FCC)  and  the  state  public  regulatory
agencies,  and AT&T's ability to achieve a significant market penetration in new
markets.   These   forward-looking   statements  are  subject  to  a  number  of
uncertainties and other factors,  many of which are outside AT&T's control, that
could cause  actual  results to differ  materially  from such  statements.  AT&T
disclaims any  intention or  obligation to update or revise any  forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
For the Years Ended December 31,          1999      1998     1997
Dollars in millions
(except per share amounts)

Operating income                       $10,859    $7,487   $6,836

Operating income margin                   17.4%     14.1%   13.3%

Income from continuing operations       $3,428    $5,235   $4,249

Net income                              $3,428    $6,398   $4,415

Per AT&T Group common share - basic:
  Income from continuing operations     $ 1.77    $ 1.96   $ 1.59
  Income from discontinued operations        -         -     0.03
  Gains on sales of discontinued
   operations                                -      0.48     0.03
  Extraordinary loss                         -      0.05        -
  AT&T Group earnings                   $ 1.77    $ 2.39  $  1.65

Per AT&T Group common share - diluted:
  Income from continuing operations     $ 1.74    $ 1.94   $ 1.59
  Income from discontinued operations        -         -     0.03
  Gains on sales of discontinued
   operations                                -      0.48     0.03
  Extraordinary loss                         -      0.05        -
  AT&T Group earnings                   $ 1.74    $ 2.37   $ 1.65

Liberty Media Group loss per share:
  Basic and diluted                     $ 1.61    $    -    $   -

Our results include certain items that affect  comparability  from year to year.
We  quantify  the  impact of these  items in order to explain  our  results on a
comparable  basis.  These items include the 1999  acquisitions  of Broadband and
AT&T Global  Network  Services  (AGNS),  net  restructuring  and other  charges,
significant  gains on sales of businesses  [discussed in other income  (expense)
discussion] and the impact of a change in tax rules. The net  restructuring  and
other charges, gains on sales of businesses,  change in tax rules and the impact
of our investments in Excite@Home and Cablevision are  collectively  referred to
as "restructuring  and other charges,  and certain gains and losses." We discuss
our  results  excluding  the  impact  of  our  investments  in  Excite@Home  and
Cablevision since these businesses have financial information publicly available
and their results can be reviewed independently of AT&T's results.

<PAGE>

Following is a summary of the approximate diluted earnings per share (EPS)
impact of the above items for 1999 and 1998:
 ..Net restructuring and other charges of $0.37 in 1999 and $0.59 in 1998;
 ..Gains on sales of businesses of $0.07 in 1999 and $0.18 in 1998;
 ..A loss of $0.18 reflecting the earnings impact of our investments in
      Excite@Home and Cablevision in 1999; and
 ..A $0.02 benefit in 1999 from changes in tax rules with respect to the
      utilization of acquired net operating losses.

Operating  income,  on a reported  basis,  increased 45.0% in 1999 compared with
1998; excluding net restructuring and other charges,  operating income increased
23.6%.  Operating income margin  (operating  income as a percent of revenue) was
17.4% in 1999 compared with 14.1% in 1998.  Operating  income margin,  excluding
net  restructuring  and other charges,  was 19.8% in 1999 compared with 18.8% in
1998. These  operational  improvements  were due to revenue growth and operating
expense efficiencies.

EPS from  continuing  operations  attributable  to AT&T Group on a diluted basis
declined  10.3% in 1999 to $1.74,  compared with 1998. The decline was primarily
due to the impact of the Broadband and AGNS  acquisitions,  including the impact
of shares issued and equity losses of  Excite@Home  and  Cablevision.  Partially
offsetting these declines was increased income from the remaining operations due
to  revenue  growth  and  operating  expense  efficiencies  as well as lower net
restructuring and other charges.  Excluding the restructuring and other charges,
and  certain  gains  and  losses,  EPS was $2.20 per  diluted  share in 1999,  a
decrease of 6.4%,  or $0.15,  over the prior year.  The decrease in  operational
earnings  in 1999  was  primarily  due to the  impacts  of the  acquisitions  of
Broadband and AGNS.

Excluding the impacts of both Broadband and AGNS,  operational  EPS for 1999 was
$3.08,  an increase of 31.1%,  or $0.73,  compared  with 1998.  The increase was
primarily due to higher revenue combined with improving  margins  resulting from
cost efficiencies.

Operating  income,  on a reported  basis,  increased  9.5% in 1998 compared with
1997;  excluding net  restructuring,  exit and other charges,  in 1998 and 1997,
operating income increased 42.2%.

Results for 1997 include net restructuring and other charges,  and a gain from a
sale of a  business,  which  resulted in an  approximate  $0.01 EPS benefit on a
diluted basis. In addition,  1998 included a benefit from the 1998 adoption of a
new accounting standard related to the capitalization of internal-use  software.
EPS from continuing  operations was $1.94 per diluted share in 1998, an increase
of 22.0% from 1997.  Excluding the impact of the 1998 and 1997 restructuring and
other charges,  and certain gains and losses, EPS was $2.30 per diluted share in
1998,  an  increase  of $0.72,  or  45.6%,  compared  with  1997.  Cost  control
initiatives  and higher  revenue  were the  primary  drivers of the  operational
increases.

<PAGE>

For the Years Ended December 31,              1999      1998      1997
Dollars in millions
REVENUE
Business Services                          $25,102   $23,611   $22,331
Consumer Services                           21,972    22,885    23,690
Wireless Services                            7,627     5,406     4,668
Broadband                                    4,871         -         -
Other and Corporate                          2,819     1,321       888
Total revenue                              $62,391   $53,223   $51,577

Total revenue  increased  17.2%,  or $9,168  million,  in 1999 compared with the
prior year.  Revenue for 1999  included  Broadband  and AGNS  revenue from their
respective  dates of  acquisition.  Excluding the impact of these  acquisitions,
1999 revenue  increased  5.8% to $56,307  million.  This  increase was fueled by
growth in wireless,  business  data,  business  domestic long distance voice and
outsourcing revenue,  partially offset by the continued decline of consumer long
distance  voice  revenue.  Adjusting  1999 and 1998 to  reflect  the  revenue of
Broadband  and AGNS for a full  year in both  periods,  1999 pro  forma  revenue
increased 6.2% to $64,141 million from $60,394 million in 1998.

Long  distance  voice  revenue  as  a  percent  of  total  revenue  declined  to
approximately 62% in 1999,  compared with  approximately 75% and 79% in 1998 and
1997,  respectively.  We expect this  percentage to continue to decline as data,
Internet, wireless and outsourcing revenue continue to grow and as long distance
prices continue to decrease, resulting in a more diversified portfolio.

Total revenue in 1998 increased $1,646 million, or 3.2%, compared with 1997, led
by business data, wireless and outsourcing revenue.  Improvements in these areas
were partially offset by a decline in consumer long distance revenue and reduced
revenue due to the sale of AT&T Solutions Customer Care (ASCC) in 1998.

Revenue by segment is discussed in more detail in the segment results section.

OPERATING EXPENSES
For the year,  operating expenses totaled $51,532 million,  an increase of 12.7%
from $45,736 million in 1998. In 1998,  operating  expenses  increased 2.2% from
$44,741 million in 1997.  Operating expenses for 1999 reflect Broadband and AGNS
expenses from their  respective  dates of  acquisition.  In addition,  operating
expenses  in  1999  and  1998  included   $1,506  million  and  $2,514  million,
respectively, of net restructuring and other charges. Operating expenses in 1997
included a $160 million charge to exit the two-way messaging business and a $100
million benefit from the reversal of pre-1995 restructuring reserves.  Excluding
the impact of the  acquisitions of Broadband and AGNS and net  restucturing  and
other charges, 1999 operating expenses increased $198 million, or 0.5%, and 1998
operating expenses decreased 2.8%.

[Included in the 1999 Annual Report are pie charts entitled "Margin and Expenses
as a Percent of Revenue." These charts depict margin and expenses (excluding net
restructuring and other charges) as a percent of revenue for 1997 and 1999.]

For the Years Ended December 31,        1999      1998      1997
Dollars in millions
Access and other interconnection     $14,686   $15,328   $16,350

Access  and other  interconnection  expenses  are the  charges we pay to connect
calls on the  facilities of local exchange  carriers and other domestic  service
providers, and fees we pay foreign telephone companies (international

<PAGE>

settlements) to connect calls made to foreign countries. These charges represent
payments to these  carriers for shared and  dedicated  facilities  and switching
equipment used to connect our network with their networks.  These costs declined
$642  million,  or 4.2%, in 1999 and $1,022  million,  or 6.3%, in 1998 compared
with the prior year. These declines were primarily driven by mandated reductions
in per-minute access rates in 1999 and 1998 and lower  international  settlement
rates resulting from our negotiations with international carriers. Additionally,
we continue to manage these costs through more efficient  network  usage.  These
reductions were partially  offset by volume growth,  increased  per-line charges
(Primary   Interexchange   Carrier   Charges)   and   Universal   Service   Fund
contributions.  Since most of these charges are passed  through to the customer,
the per-minute  access-rate reductions and the increases in per-line charges and
the Universal  Service Fund have generally  resulted in an offsetting  impact on
revenue.  Broadband  and AGNS do not have any access  and other  interconnection
expenses, therefore the results are the same excluding Broadband and AGNS.

For the Years Ended December 31,          1999      1998      1997
Dollars in millions
Network and other costs of services    $14,385   $10,495   $10,038

Network and other costs of services  expenses include the costs of operating and
maintaining our networks, costs to support our outsourcing contracts,  fees paid
to other wireless carriers for the use of their networks (off-network  roaming),
the provision for uncollectible receivables, programming and licensing costs for
cable services, costs of wireless handsets sold and other service-related costs.
These costs  increased  $3,890  million,  or 37.1%,  in 1999 compared with 1998,
largely  due  to  the  Broadband   and  AGNS   acquisitions.   Excluding   these
acquisitions,  network costs increased $428 million,  or 4.1%, in 1999, a slight
improvement  compared  with the 4.5%  increase  in 1998.  The  growing  wireless
subscriber base primarily drove the increase in both years, largely attributable
to the success of AT&T  Digital One Rate  service,  which has resulted in higher
off-network  roaming charges,  costs of handsets and provision for uncollectible
receivables.  The  increase  in costs of handsets  reflects  not only the higher
number of handsets sold, but the increased cost per unit as customers migrate or
sign up for digital  service.  Costs to support growth in outsourcing  contracts
also  contributed to the increase.  Partially  offsetting the 1999 increase were
network cost-control  initiatives,  lower per-call compensation expense due to a
favorable FCC ruling in 1999, lower provision for  uncollectible  receivables in
Consumer and Business  Services and lower gross receipts and property taxes. The
1998  increase  was  partially  offset  by  lower  provision  for  uncollectible
receivables in Business Services, lower expenses as a result of the sale of ASCC
in the first quarter of 1998 and the impact of a 1997 charge to  write-down  the
two-way messaging business.

For the Years Ended December 31,           1999       1998      1997
Dollars in millions
Selling, general and administrative     $13,516    $12,770   $14,371

Selling,  general and administrative  (SG&A) expenses increased $746 million, or
5.8%,  in 1999  compared  with 1998.  This increase was due to the Broadband and
AGNS  acquisitions.  Excluding  these  expenses,  SG&A  expenses  declined  $529
million,  or 4.2%.  Reductions  in consumer  long  distance  acquisition-program
spending  resulted in lower marketing and sales  expenses.  In 1999 we continued
our  efforts  to  achieve  a  best-in-class   cost  structure  with  companywide
cost-control  initiatives,  which  yielded an improving  cost  structure.  These
decreases were partially offset by increased costs in Wireless Services to

<PAGE>

support the growing  subscriber base. SG&A expenses as a percent of revenue were
21.7% in 1999,  24.0% in 1998 and 27.9% in 1997.  We expect  SG&A  expenses as a
percent of revenue to continue to decline as we continue to focus on controlling
our expenses and prioritizing our spending.  In addition, we expect to realize a
larger  pension  credit in 2000 resulting from a higher pension trust asset base
and  an  increase  in  the  discount  rate  used  to  measure  the  pension  and
postretirement obligations.

[Included  in the 1999 Annual  Report is a bar graph  entitled  "Cost  Structure
Improvements - SG&A Expenses as a Percent of Revenue" showing SG&A expenses as a
percent of revenue for the eight quarters ended December 31, 1999.]

SG&A expenses declined $1,601 million, or 11.1%, in 1998 compared with 1997. The
decrease was primarily  due to savings from  cost-control  initiatives,  such as
headcount  reductions  and a $221  million  SG&A  expense  benefit from the 1998
adoption of a new  accounting  pronouncement  related to the  capitalization  of
internal-use  software  (Statement of Position 98-1).  Also  contributing to the
decrease in SG&A expenses was a decline in marketing and sales costs relating to
lower  customer  acquisition  costs in Consumer  Services.  These  declines were
partially  offset by increases in wireless  customer  acquisition  and migration
costs and increased  costs  associated  with preparing our computer  systems for
conversion of the calendar to the Year 2000 (Y2K project).

Also included in SG&A expenses were $550 million,  $513 million and $633 million
of research and development (R&D) expenses in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively.
R&D  expenditures  are mainly for work on advanced  communications  services and
projects aimed at Internet protocol (IP) services.  The increase in R&D expenses
in 1999 was due to costs associated with launching  Concert,  the acquisition of
Broadband  and  development  spending on business  data  services  and IP. These
increases were largely offset by lower R&D spending on development  projects for
consumer  products.  The  decline in R&D  expenses in 1998 was mainly due to the
redeployment of resources in support of the Y2K project.

For the Years Ended December 31,         1999       1998      1997
Dollars in millions
Depreciation and other amortization    $6,138     $4,378    $3,728

Depreciation and other amortization expenses increased $1,760 million, or 40.2%,
in 1999.  Approximately  one-half of the increase was due to the acquisitions of
Broadband  and  AGNS.  Excluding  these  acquisitions,  depreciation  and  other
amortization  expenses increased $879 million,  or 20.1%, in 1999.  Depreciation
and other  amortization  expenses  increased  $650  million,  or 17.4%,  in 1998
compared  with  1997.  Growth  in the  depreciable  asset  base  resulting  from
continued  infrastructure  investment  drove the  increase in both years.  Total
capital  expenditures  for 1999, 1998 and 1997 were $13.5 billion,  $8.0 billion
and $7.7 billion,  respectively.  Approximately  three-quarters  of 1999 capital
expenditures  focused on our growth  businesses  of broadband,  data,  wireless,
local and AT&T  Solutions.  More than half of the capital  expenditures  in 1998
were related to the long distance network, including the completion of the SONET
(Synchronous  Optical Network)  buildout.  These  expenditures  expanded network
capacity,  reliability and efficiency.  In addition,  in 1998 we invested in our
local network to expand our  switching  and  transport  capacity and invested to
expand our wireless footprint.

For the Years Ended December 31,                1999       1998      1997
Dollars in millions
Amortization of goodwill, franchise costs
and other purchased intangibles               $1,301     $  251    $  254

<PAGE>

Amortization  of  goodwill,  franchise  costs  and other  purchased  intangibles
increased  $1,050  million  in 1999  compared  with  1998  primarily  due to the
acquisition  of  Broadband  and,  to a  lesser  extent,  AGNS.  Franchise  costs
represent the value  attributable to the agreement with local  authorities  that
allow access to homes in Broadband's service areas. Other purchased  intangibles
arising  from  business  combinations  primarily  included  customer  lists  and
licenses.  In addition to the  amortization of goodwill  reflected here, we also
have amortization of goodwill  associated with our  nonconsolidated  investments
recorded as a component of other income  (expense).  This  amortization  totaled
$495 million, $52 million and $66 million in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively.

Net Restructuring and Other Charges

During 1999, we recorded $1,506 million of net  restructuring and other charges,
which had an approximate $0.37 impact on earnings per diluted share.

A  $594  million  in-process   research  and  development  charge  was  recorded
reflecting  the  estimated  fair value of research and  development  projects at
Broadband,  as of the  date  of the  acquisition,  which  had  not  yet  reached
technological  feasibility or that have no alternative  future use. The projects
identified   related   to   Broadband's   efforts   to  offer   voice  over  IP,
product-integration  efforts for advanced set-top devices,  cost-savings efforts
for cable  telephony  implementation  and  in-process  research and  development
related to Excite@Home.  We estimated the fair value of in-process  research and
development  for each project  using an income  approach,  which was adjusted to
allocate fair value based on the project's percentage of completion.  Under this
approach,  the present value of the anticipated  future benefits of the projects
was determined using a discount rate of 17%. For each project, the resulting net
present  value was  multiplied  by a percentage  of  completion  based on effort
expended to date versus projected costs to complete.

The  charge  associated  with  voice  over IP  technology,  which  allows  voice
telephony  traffic to be digitized and transmitted in IP data packets,  was $225
million as of the date of the acquisition.  Current voice over IP equipment does
not yet  support  many of the  features  required to connect  customer  premises
equipment to traditional phone networks.  Further technical  development is also
needed  to  ensure   voice   quality   that  is   comparable   to   conventional
circuit-switched  telephony  and  to  reduce  the  power  consumption  of the IP
telephony equipment.  We anticipate that we will test IP telephony equipment for
field deployment in late 2000.

The charge associated with Broadband's  product-integration efforts for advanced
set-top devices, which will enable us to offer next-generation digital services,
was  $114  million  as of the date of  acquisition.  The  associated  technology
consists of the development  and  integration  work needed to provide a suite of
software  tools to run on the  digital  set-top  box  hardware  platform.  It is
anticipated that field trials will begin in mid 2000 for next-generation digital
services.

The charge associated with Broadband's  cost-savings efforts for cable telephony
implementation  was $101  million as of the date of the  acquisition.  Telephony
cost  reductions  primarily  consist of cost savings from the  development  of a
"line of power switch," which allows Broadband to cost effectively provide power
for customer telephony equipment through the cable plant. This device will allow
us to provide  line-powered  telephony  without  burying  the cable line to each
house.  The device currently  requires further  development in order to reach an
acceptable level of reliability. We expect to test and deploy devices by the end
of 2000.

<PAGE>

Additionally,   the  in-process  research  and  development  charge  related  to
Excite@Home  was valued at $154 million.  During the second  quarter of 1999, we
ceased to consolidate  Excite@Home and began to account for our investment under
the equity method of accounting  due to certain  corporate  governance  changes,
which  resulted  in AT&T no longer  holding a  controlling  financial  interest.
Accordingly, we will no longer report on the in-process research and development
projects of Excite@Home.

Although  there are  significant  technological  issues to  overcome in order to
successfully  complete the acquired  in-process  research  and  development,  we
expect successful  completion.  We estimate the costs to complete the identified
projects  will not have a  material  impact on our  results of  operations.  If,
however,  we are  unable to  establish  technological  feasibility  and  produce
commercially viable products/services,  then anticipated incremental future cash
flows attributable to expected profits from such new  products/services  may not
be realized.

A $531 million asset  impairment  charge was primarily  recorded in  association
with the planned disposal of wireless network equipment resulting from a program
to increase capacity and operating  efficiency of our wireless network.  As part
of a multivendor  program,  contracts are being executed with certain vendors to
replace  significant  portions of our wireless  infrastructure  equipment in the
western United States and the  metropolitan  New York markets.  The program will
provide Wireless Services with the newest  technology  available and allow us to
evolve  to  new,  third-generation  digital  technology,  with  high-speed  data
capabilities.

The planned disposal of the existing wireless infrastructure  equipment required
an evaluation of asset  impairment  in  accordance  with  Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 121 "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and for Long-Lived  Assets to Be Disposed Of" to write-down  these assets
to their fair value, which was estimated by discounting the expected future cash
flows of these assets through the date of disposal. Since the assets will remain
in service  from the date of the  decision  to  dispose  of these  assets to the
disposal  date,  the remaining net book value of the assets will be  depreciated
over this period.

A $145 million charge for  restructuring  and exit costs was recorded as part of
AT&T's  initiative  to  reduce  costs  by $2  billion  by the end of  2000.  The
restructuring  and exit plans primarily  focus on the  maximization of synergies
through  headcount  reductions  in Business  Services  and  network  operations,
including the consolidation of customer-care and call centers.

Included  in the  exit  costs  was $142  million  of cash  termination  benefits
associated  with the  separation  of  approximately  2,800  employees as part of
voluntary  and  involuntary  termination  plans.  Approximately  one-half of the
separations were management employees and one-half were nonmanagement employees.
Approximately 1,700 employee separations related to involuntary terminations and
approximately  1,100  related  to  voluntary  terminations.  Nearly  80%  of the
affected  employees  have left their  positions as of December 31, 1999, and the
remaining employees will leave the company in early 2000.  Termination  benefits
of $40  million  were paid in the fourth  quarter of 1999.  This cash outlay was
primarily  funded  through  cash  from  operations.  The  balance  of  the  cash
termination payments are expected to be paid in the first quarter of 2000.

The restructuring initiative is projected to yield cash savings of approximately
$250 million per year, as well as EBIT [earnings, including other

<PAGE>

income  (expense),  before  interest and taxes]  savings of  approximately  $200
million in 2000 and nearly $400 million per year thereafter. We expect increased
spending in growth  businesses  will largely offset these cash and EBIT savings.
The EBIT savings, primarily attributable to reduced personnel-related  expenses,
will be realized in SG&A expenses and network and other costs of services.  EBIT
savings in 2000 are expected to be partially offset by accelerated  depreciation
expense. However, depreciation expense in subsequent years will be lower related
to the 1999 write-off of Wireless Services' assets.

In addition,  our continuing efforts to reduce costs by $2 billion by the end of
2000 and the planned merger with MediaOne may require  further  charges for exit
and  separation  plans,  which we expect to have  finalized in the first half of
2000.

We also recorded net losses of $307 million  related to the  government-mandated
disposition  of  certain  international  businesses  that  would  have  competed
directly  with  Concert,  and $50 million  related to a  contribution  agreement
Broadband  entered  into with  Phoenixstar,  Inc.,  that  requires  Broadband to
satisfy  certain  liabilities  owed by  Phoenixstar  and its  subsidiaries.  The
remaining  obligation  under this  contribution  agreement  is $26  million.  In
addition,  we recorded  benefits of $121 million  related to the  settlement  of
pension  obligations  for former  employees who accepted  AT&T's 1998  voluntary
retirement incentive program (VRIP) offer.

During 1998, we recorded $2,514 million of net  restructuring and other charges,
which had an approximate $0.59 impact on earnings per diluted share. The bulk of
the charge was  associated  with a plan to reduce  headcount by 15,000 to 18,000
over two years as part of our overall cost-reduction program. In connection with
this plan, the VRIP was offered to eligible management employees.  Approximately
15,300 management  employees accepted the VRIP offer. A restructuring  charge of
$2,724  million was composed of $2,254  million and $169 million for pension and
postretirement  special-termination  benefits,  respectively,  $263  million  of
curtailment  losses  and $38  million  of other  administrative  costs.  We also
recorded charges of $125 million for related facility costs and $150 million for
executive-separation  costs.  These charges were partially offset by benefits of
$940 million as we settled pension  benefit  obligations for 13,700 of the total
VRIP  employees.  In addition,  the VRIP charges  were  partially  offset by the
reversal  of $256  million of 1995  business  restructuring  reserves  primarily
resulting from the overlap of VRIP on certain 1995 projects.

Also  included  in the 1998 net  restructuring  and  other  charges  were  asset
impairment  charges totaling $718 million,  of which $633 million was related to
our  decision  not to  pursue  Total  Service  Resale  (TSR) as a local  service
strategy. We also recorded an $85 million asset impairment charge related to the
write-down of unrecoverable assets in certain international  operations in which
the carrying value is no longer supported by future cash flows.  This charge was
made in  connection  with the  review of  certain  operations  that  would  have
competed directly with Concert.

Additionally,  $85 million of  merger-related  expenses were recorded in 1998 in
connection with the Teleport  Communications  Group Inc. (TCG) merger, which was
accounted for as a pooling of interests.  Partially  offsetting these charges in
1998 was a $92 million reversal of the 1995 restructuring reserve. This reversal
reflects reserves that were no longer deemed necessary.  The reversal  primarily
included  separation costs attributed to projects completed at a cost lower than
originally   anticipated.   Consistent  with  the  three-year   plan,  the  1995
restructuring initiatives were substantially completed by the end of 1998.

<PAGE>

For the Years Ended December 31,            1999      1998      1997
Dollars in millions
Other income (expense)                     $(501)   $1,247      $443

Other  income  (expense)  was an expense of $501 million in 1999  compared  with
income of $1,247 million in 1998. The significant  decrease is due to higher net
losses from investments,  largely due to Excite@Home and Cablevision,  and lower
gains on sales.  Gains on sales in 1999 included $153 million from Language Line
Services,  $88 million  from WOOD-TV and $110 million from the sale of a portion
of our ownership  interest in AT&T Canada.  Gains on sales in 1998 included $350
million from AT&T  Solutions  Customer  Care,  $317 million from LIN  Television
Corp.  (LIN-TV)  and $103  million  from  SmarTone  Telecommunications  Holdings
Limited  (SmarTone).  Distributions  on trust  preferred  securities in 1999 and
higher  interest  income in 1998 as a result of the proceeds  received  from the
sale of Universal Card Services (UCS) also contributed to the decrease.

Other income (expense)  increased $804 million in 1998 due primarily to gains on
sales in 1998 as well as increased  interest  income on our higher cash balance.
These increases were partially offset by lower earnings from equity  investments
and a gain in 1997 on the sale of AT&T Skynet Satellite Services (Skynet) of $97
million.

For the Years Ended December 31,         1999       1998        1997
Dollars in millions
EBIT                                  $10,358     $8,734      $7,279

EBIT  increased  $1,624  million,  or  18.6%,  in  1999.  EBIT was  impacted  by
restructuring  and other charges,  and certain gains and losses,  as well as the
acquisitions of Broadband and AGNS. Excluding these items, EBIT increased $2,805
million,  or 26.8%,  to $13,283 million in 1999. The improvement in EBIT was due
to increased  revenue  combined with an improving cost structure.  EBIT for 1998
increased $1,455 million, or 20.0%.  Excluding  restructuring and other charges,
and certain gains and losses,  EBIT increased  $3,037  million,  or 41.9%.  This
increase in EBIT was driven by higher  revenue,  the benefit of our SG&A expense
cost-cutting initiatives and lower international settlement rates.

For the Years Ended December 31,         1999       1998        1997
Dollars in millions
Interest expense                       $1,651       $427        $307

Interest  expense  increased $1,224 million in 1999 due to a higher average debt
balance  associated  with  our  acquisitions,  including  debt  outstanding  for
Broadband at the date of acquisition. Interest expense increased $120 million in
1998. After the sale of UCS on April 2, 1998,  interest expense  associated with
debt previously attributed to UCS was reclassified from discontinued  operations
to  continuing  operations  since  we did  not  retire  all of this  debt.  This
reclassification is the primary reason for the increase in 1998.

For the Years Ended December 31,         1999         1998        1997
Dollars in millions
Provision for income taxes             $3,257       $3,072      $2,723

The effective  income tax rate is the provision for income taxes as a percent of
income from continuing  operations before income taxes. The effective income tax
rate was 48.7% in 1999,  37.0% in 1998 and 39.0% in 1997.  The effective  income
tax rate for AT&T Group was 37.4% in 1999,  37.0% in 1998 and 39.0% in 1997. The
1999 effective tax rate for AT&T Group was impacted by the in-process research

<PAGE>

and development  charge,  which was not tax deductible,  and a change in the net
operating loss utilization tax rules that resulted in a $75 million reduction in
the valuation  allowance  and the income tax  provision.  In addition,  the 1999
effective   tax  rate   reflects  tax  benefits   associated   with   investment
dispositions, legal entity restructurings and other tax planning strategies. The
effective  tax rate for 1998 was  impacted  by the  pooling of TCG's  historical
results,  which did not include tax benefits on preacquisition  losses,  and the
effects  of  certain   foreign  legal  entity   restructurings   and  investment
dispositions.

Discontinued  Operations Pursuant to Accounting  Principles Board Opinion No. 30
"Reporting  the Results of  Operations - Reporting  the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business,  and  Extraordinary,  Unusual and Infrequently  Occurring
Events and Transactions," the consolidated  financial statements of AT&T reflect
the  dispositions of UCS, which was sold on April 2, 1998, and AT&T's  submarine
systems  business  (SSI),  which  was  sold  on July 1,  1997,  as  discontinued
operations.  Accordingly,  the revenue,  costs and  expenses,  and cash flows of
these  businesses  have  been  excluded  from  the  respective  captions  in the
Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and
have been reported through their respective dates of disposition as "Income from
discontinued  operations,"  net of  applicable  income  taxes;  and as "Net cash
provided by (used in)  discontinued  operations."  As of December 31, 1998,  all
businesses previously reported as discontinued operations have been disposed of;
therefore,  there was no impact to the  Consolidated  Balance Sheets  presented.
Gains   associated  with  these  sales  are  recorded  as  "Gains  on  sales  of
discontinued operations," net of applicable taxes.

Extraordinary Items
In August 1998, AT&T extinguished $1,046 million of TCG's debt. The $217 million
pretax loss on the early extinguishment of debt was recorded as an extraordinary
loss. The after-tax impact was $137 million, or $0.05 per diluted share.

[Included  in the  1999  Annual  Report  is a bar  graph  entitled  "Revenue  by
Segment." The graph depicts  revenue of Business  Services,  Consumer  Services,
Wireless  Services,  and Other and Corporate for the three-years  ended December
31, 1999. It also depicts the revenue of Broadband for 1999.]

SEGMENT RESULTS

In support of the  services we provide,  we segment our results by the  business
units that support our primary lines of business:  Business  Services,  Consumer
Services,   Wireless  Services  and  Broadband.  A  fifth  category,  Other  and
Corporate,  comprises  the results of all other  units of AT&T Group,  including
corporate  staff  functions.   We  supplementally  discuss  AT&T  Solutions  and
International  Operations and Ventures, which are both included in the Other and
Corporate category. Although not a segment, we also discuss the results of LMG.

The discussion of segment results includes  revenue;  earnings,  including other
income (expense),  before interest and taxes (EBIT);  earnings,  including other
income  (expense),   before  interest,   taxes,  depreciation  and  amortization
(EBITDA);  total assets;  and capital  additions.  The  discussion of EBITDA for
Wireless  Services and Broadband is modified to exclude other income  (expense).
Total  assets  for  each  segment  include  all  assets,   except   intercompany
receivables.  Prepaid pension assets and  corporate-owned  or leased real estate
are  generally  held at the  corporate  level and  therefore are included in the
Other and Corporate group. Shared network assets are allocated to the segments

<PAGE>

and reallocated each January,  based on two years of volumes.  Capital additions
for each segment include capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment,
acquisitions of licenses, additions to nonconsolidated investments, increases in
franchise costs and additions to internal-use software.

EBIT is the primary  measure used by AT&T's chief  operating  decision makers to
measure  AT&T's  operating  results  and to measure  segment  profitability  and
performance.  AT&T  calculates  EBIT  as  operating  income  plus  other  income
(expense).  In  addition,  management  also uses  EBITDA as a measure of segment
profitability  and  performance,  and is defined as EBIT plus  depreciation  and
amortization. Interest and taxes are not factored into the profitability measure
used by the chief operating decision makers;  therefore,  trends for these items
are discussed on a consolidated basis. Management believes EBIT is meaningful to
investors  because it provides  analysis  of  operating  results  using the same
measures used by AT&T's chief operating decision makers and provides a return on
total capitalization  measure. We believe EBITDA is meaningful to investors as a
measure of each segment's liquidity  consistent with the measure utilized by our
chief  operating  decision  makers.  In addition,  we believe that both EBIT and
EBITDA allow investors a means to evaluate the financial results of each segment
in  relation  to AT&T.  Our  calculation  of EBIT and  EBITDA  may or may not be
consistent  with the  calculation of these  measures by other public  companies.
EBIT and EBITDA should not be viewed by investors as an alternative to generally
accepted  accounting  principles  (GAAP)  measures  of income  as a  measure  of
performance or to cash flows from operating,  investing and financing activities
as a measure  of  liquidity.  In  addition,  EBITDA  does not take into  account
changes in certain assets and liabilities that can affect cash flow.

Reflecting the dynamics of our business,  we  continually  review our management
model and structure.  In 2000, we anticipate changes to our segments as follows:
The  Business  Services  segment will be expanded to include the results of AT&T
Solutions,  and Broadband  results will be expanded to include the operations of
MediaOne upon the completion of the merger.  The Wireless  Services segment will
be expanded  to include  fixed  wireless  technology  and certain  international
wireless investments.

BUSINESS SERVICES
Our Business Services segment offers a variety of global communications services
including  long  distance,  local  and  data  and IP  networking  to  small  and
medium-sized  businesses,   large  domestic  and  multinational  businesses  and
government agencies.  Business Services is also a provider of voice, data and IP
transport to service resellers (wholesale services).

For the Years Ended December 31,                   1999       1998       1997
Dollars in millions
External revenue                                $23,540    $22,706    $21,520
Internal revenue                                  1,562        905        811
  Total revenue                                  25,102     23,611     22,331
EBIT                                              6,131      5,007      4,047
EBITDA                                            9,079      7,395      5,902
Capital additions                                 7,145      5,952      4,547

At December 31,                                    1999       1998
Total assets                                    $25,107    $21,415

<PAGE>

REVENUE
In 1999,  Business Services revenue grew $1,491 million, or 6.3%, driven by data
and IP services, domestic long distance voice services and local services. Total
calling  volumes  increased  approximately  25% for the  year.  Revenue  in 1998
increased $1,280 million, or 5.7%, led by growth in data services.

Data services,  which is the  transportation of data rather than voice along our
network,  grew at a  high-teens  rate in 1999 and at a mid-teens  rate for 1998.
Growth in each  period  was led by the  continued  strength  of frame  relay and
high-speed  private  line,  both  of  which  are  high-speed   data-transmission
services.  On average in 1999, we added  approximately  230 more net frame ports
per month as compared with 1998. Also  contributing  to the revenue  increase in
1999 was significant  growth in IP services,  such as AT&T WorldNet Services and
virtual private network (VPN) services.

Long  distance  voice revenue grew at a low  single-digit  rate in both 1999 and
1998.  The continued  strength of volumes,  as evidenced by a high-teens  growth
rate for 1999 and a near-teens  growth rate for 1998, was largely mitigated by a
declining  average  price per minute.  The average price per minute has declined
due to  competitive  forces  within the industry  that are expected to continue.
Also  impacting the average price per minute was a change in product mix,  which
in 1999 was largely attributable to an increase in our wholesale business sales,
which  had a lower  rate  per  minute.  Revenue  in 1998 was  also  impacted  by
reductions in access costs that were passed on to customers in the form of lower
rates.

Local voice service revenue grew more than 50% in 1999.  During 1999, AT&T added
more than 626,000  access lines,  with the total reaching 1.3 million by the end
of the year.  Access lines enable AT&T to provide  local service to customers by
allowing  direct  connection from customer  equipment to the AT&T network.  AT&T
serves more than 36,000 buildings in 89 metropolitan  statistical  areas (MSAs),
with just over 5,800 of the buildings on-network  (buildings where AT&T owns the
fiber that runs into the building).  At the end of 1998, we served approximately
20,000 buildings in 83 MSAs, with about 5,200 buildings on-network.

[Included in the 1999 Annual Report is a bar graph entitled  "Access Lines." The
graph depicts the number of access lines for the eight quarters ended  December,
31 1999.]

Business Services  internal revenue  increased $657 million,  or 72.5%, in 1999.
The increase is the result of greater sales of business  long distance  services
to other AT&T units, primarily AT&T Solutions (including the impact of AGNS) and
Wireless Services, which resell such services to their external customers.

EBIT/EBITDA
EBIT rose $1,124 million, or 22.5%, and EBITDA grew $1,684 million, or 22.8%, in
1999.  Excluding 1999  restructuring  and exit costs,  EBIT  increased  24.4% to
$6,226 million and EBITDA  increased  24.1% to $9,174  million.  These increases
were driven by revenue growth  combined with margin  improvement  resulting from
ongoing  cost-control  initiatives.  The increase in EBIT was offset somewhat by
increased  depreciation  and  amortization  expenses  resulting  from  increased
capital expenditures aimed at data, IP and local services.

EBIT increased $960 million,  or 23.7%, and EBITDA increased $1,493 million,  or
25.3%,  in 1998. The increases were driven by growth in revenue and the benefits
reaped from cost-cutting initiatives. Partly offsetting the increase in EBIT and
EBITDA in 1998 was the gain on the sale of Skynet, recorded in 1997. In

<PAGE>

addition,  the EBIT improvements were partially offset by increased depreciation
and  amortization  expenses  correlated to the continued  high levels of capital
expenditures.

OTHER ITEMS
Capital additions  increased $1,193 million and $1,405 million in 1999 and 1998,
respectively.  Spending in all periods reflects  Business  Services'  portion of
AT&T's  investment  to enhance our long  distance  network  (including  the data
network) and spending on AT&T's local network.

Total assets increased $3,692 million,  or 17.2%, at December 31, 1999, compared
with  December 31, 1998.  The increase  was  primarily  due to net  increases in
property, plant and equipment as a result of capital additions.

CONSUMER SERVICES
Our Consumer  Services  segment  provides to residential  customers a variety of
any-distance   communications  services  including  long  distance,  local  toll
(intrastate  calls outside the  immediate  local area) and Internet  access.  In
addition,  Consumer Services provides prepaid  calling-card and operator-handled
calling  services.  Local phone service is also provided in certain  areas.  The
costs associated with the development of fixed wireless  technology are included
in the Consumer Services segment results.

For the Years Ended December 31,                 1999        1998        1997
Dollars in millions

Revenue                                       $21,972     $22,885     $23,690
EBIT                                            7,968       6,568       4,922
EBITDA                                          8,845       7,298       5,694
Capital additions                                 859         526       1,010

At December 31,                                  1999        1998
Total assets                                  $ 6,823     $ 6,561

REVENUE
In 1999,  Consumer  Services revenue  decreased $913 million,  or 4.0%, on a mid
single-digit decline in volumes.  Revenue in 1998 fell $805 million, or 3.4%, on
a low single-digit decline in volumes. Excluding AT&T WorldNet Services, revenue
decreased  4.4% for 1999 and was down 3.8% in 1998.  The  declines in both years
reflect the ongoing  competitive  nature of the consumer long distance industry,
which has resulted in pricing pressures and a loss of customers. Also negatively
impacting revenue growth was product substitution and market migration away from
direct dial and calling card to rapidly growing wireless services.  The entry of
the Regional Bell Operating  Companies  (RBOCs) into the long distance market is
expected to increase competitive pressures in 2000.

Demonstrating our commitment to providing customers with choice,  simplicity and
competitive  rates,  we  introduced  in August 1999 the AT&T One Rate(R) 7 cents
offer,  a simple,  convenient  calling  plan that allows  customers to make long
distance calls 24 hours a day, seven days a week for 7 cents a minute. The offer
has been extremely well received.  At the end of 1999, we had enrolled more than
5.0 million customers,  with more than 60% of those customers electing to bundle
their  7-cent  long  distance  with  AT&T's  local toll  service.  Approximately
one-third  of the  customers  enrolled  in the  7-cent  plan  were new AT&T long
distance customers.

<PAGE>

AT&T WorldNet  Services  revenue  increased  41.2% to $301 million in 1999,  and
78.9% to $213  million  in 1998.  AT&T  WorldNet  Services  served  1.5  million
residential  customers as of December 31, 1999,  an increase of 29.5% over 1998.
At December 31, 1998,  AT&T  WorldNet  Services  served 1.1 million  residential
customers, an increase of 22.3% over 1997.

EBIT/EBITDA
EBIT grew $1,400 million, or 21.3%, and EBITDA grew $1,547 million, or 21.2%, in
1999.  Adjusted  to  exclude  the  1999  gain on the sale of the  Language  Line
Services business and 1999 restructuring and exit costs, EBIT increased 19.1% to
$7,823 million,  and EBITDA  increased  19.2% to $8,700 million.  On this basis,
EBIT margin improved to 35.6% in 1999 from 28.7% in the prior year. The EBIT and
EBITDA  growth for the year is  reflective  of ongoing  cost-reduction  efforts,
particularly  in  marketing  spending,  as well as lower  negotiated  settlement
rates.

For 1998, EBIT increased  $1,646 million,  or 33.4%, and EBITDA increased $1,604
million,  or 28.2%.  These  increases  were  primarily  driven by  reduced  SG&A
expenses,  largely due to AT&T's focus on high-value customers, which has led to
lower spending on customer-acquisition and retention programs.

OTHER ITEMS
Capital additions  increased $333 million,  or 63.3%, in 1999,  primarily due to
increased  spending on internal-use  software to add more  functionality  to our
services,  in support of AT&T WorldNet Services  subscriber growth and for fixed
wireless equipment.  In 1998, capital additions declined $484 million, or 47.9%.
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the allocation of shared network
assets due to lower consumer volumes as a percent of total volumes.

Total assets grew $262  million,  or 4.0%,  during  1999.  The increase in total
assets was  primarily  associated  with the purchase of SmarTalk  Tele-Services,
Inc., in 1999. Also  contributing to the growth were capital  additions,  offset
somewhat by lower accounts receivable, as a result of lower revenue.

WIRELESS SERVICES
Our  Wireless  Services  segment  offers  wireless  voice and data  services and
products  to  customers  in our 850  megahertz  (cellular)  and  1900  megahertz
(Personal  Communications  Services,  or PCS)  markets.  Wireless  Services also
includes certain  interests in partnerships and affiliates that provide wireless
services  in the United  States  and  internationally,  aviation  communications
services and the results of our messaging  business through the October 2, 1998,
date of sale.

For the Years Ended December 31,                 1999        1998       1997
Dollars in millions

Revenue                                       $ 7,627     $ 5,406    $ 4,668
EBIT                                             (474)        182        366
EBITDA excluding other income (expense)           640         947        964
Capital additions                               2,598       2,321      2,071

At December 31,                                  1999        1998
Total assets                                  $22,478     $19,115

REVENUE
Wireless  Services revenue grew $2,221 million,  or 41.1%, in 1999 compared with
1998. Wireless Services' 1999 results include Vanguard Cellular Systems, Inc.

<PAGE>

(Vanguard),  since  its  acquisition  in May  1999,  and  1998  results  include
Wireless'  messaging  business  until its sale on October 2, 1998.  Adjusted  to
exclude  both  Vanguard  and the  messaging  business,  revenue  grew to  $7,304
million,  up  39.0%  for the  year.  The  strength  in  revenue  was  driven  by
consolidated  subscriber  growth and higher  average  monthly  revenue  per user
(ARPU), which demonstrates the continued successful execution of AT&T's wireless
strategy of  targeting  and  retaining  high-value  subscribers,  expanding  our
national  wireless  footprint,  focusing on digital  service and offering simple
rate plans.

AT&T Digital One Rate service,  the first national,  one-rate  wireless  service
plan that eliminated  separate roaming and long distance charges,  significantly
contributed to the increases in both  subscribers  and ARPU. For 1999,  ARPU was
approximately $66, an increase of 14.2% over 1998. Consolidated subscribers grew
33.4%  to  approximately  9.6  million  at  December  31,  1999.  This  included
approximately  700,000  subscribers from our acquisition of Vanguard and 125,000
subscribers  from our August 1999  acquisition  of Honolulu  Cellular  Telephone
Company (Honolulu).  Total subscribers,  including  partnership markets in which
AT&T does not own a controlling interest, were nearly 12.2 million at the end of
1999.  We continue to rapidly  migrate  customers to digital  service,  which we
believe improves capital  efficiency,  lowers network operating costs and allows
us to offer higher quality  services.  At the end of 1999, 79.2% of consolidated
subscribers were being provided digital service,  compared with 60.7% at the end
of 1998. Including partnership markets, digital subscribers represented 77.1% of
customers, compared with 54.9% at the end of 1998.

[Included  in the 1999  Annual  Report is bar graph  entitled  "Average  Monthly
Revenue per User (ARPU) and  Consolidated  Subscribers."  The graph depicts ARPU
and consolidated subscribers for each quarter of 1998 and 1999.]

Wireless  Services  revenue grew $738 million,  or 15.8%,  in 1998.  Adjusted to
exclude the messaging business, 1998 revenue increased 17.2% compared with 1997.
The increase  was  primarily  driven by the strong  response to AT&T Digital One
Rate service,  which was rolled out in May 1998, and a full-year  impact in 1998
of eight new 1900  megahertz  markets  that were  launched in the second half of
1997.

As of  December  31,  1998,  we had 7.2  million  consolidated  subscribers,  an
increase of 20.3% from December 31, 1997. Digital subscribers  represented 60.7%
of the consolidated  subscribers,  up from 29.3% at December 31, 1997. Including
partnership  markets,  54.9% of the 9.6  million  total  subscribers  were being
provided digital service at December 31, 1998.

EBIT/EBITDA
During  1999,  EBIT  decreased  $656  million.  Excluding a $529  million  asset
impairment  charge  recorded  in 1999,  and the gain on the sale of  SmarTone in
1998,  EBIT  decreased  $24 million,  or 31.4%,  for the year.  This decline was
primarily driven by higher network  operations  costs,  principally  off-network
roaming expenses as well as greater customer-acquisition and customer-care costs
associated  with the  rapid  growth  of  subscribers.  Higher  depreciation  and
amortization of a larger  wireless asset base,  coupled with lower earnings from
our equity investments,  also contributed to the EBIT decline.  These impacts to
EBIT were partly offset by revenue growth.

<PAGE>

EBITDA,  excluding  other  income  (expense),  decreased  $307  million in 1999.
EBITDA,  excluding  other  income  (expense)  and the asset  impairment  charge,
increased $222 million,  or 23.4%. On this basis,  EBITDA was favorably impacted
by revenue growth,  partially offset by higher off-network roaming expenses,  as
well as the rise in  customer-acquisition  and customer-care spending related to
subscriber growth.

Off-network  roaming  expenses  continue  to  negatively  impact  AT&T  Wireless
Services' results.  However,  compared with 1998, our average incollect rate per
minute has  declined  18.2%.  The  decline in  incollect  rates is  expected  to
continue in 2000. Initiatives have been introduced to address off-network costs,
including  aggressively  capturing  more  minutes  on the AT&T  network  through
capital  expansion  within existing and new markets,  acquisitions and affiliate
launches.  Intercarrier roaming rates have declined significantly as a result of
renegotiated  roaming  agreements  and the  deployment  of  Intelligent  Roaming
Database  (IRDB)  technology,  which assists in  identifying  favorable  roaming
partners in areas not included in our wireless network.

In 1998, EBIT decreased  50.1%,  and EBITDA,  excluding other income  (expense),
fell 1.8%.  Adjusted  to  exclude  the 1998 gain on the sale of  SmarTone  and a
charge in 1997 related to the write-down of our two-way messaging business, EBIT
fell $447 million,  or 84.8%. The decline in EBIT was primarily  attributable to
higher costs associated with a growing subscriber base, higher  depreciation and
amortization  expenses due to our growing asset base and lower earnings from our
equity  investments.  These declines were partially offset by growth in revenue.
EBITDA,  excluding other income (expense) and the 1997 two-way messaging charge,
declined $97 million, or 9.3%,  primarily due to greater costs associated with a
growing subscriber base partially offset by revenue growth.

OTHER ITEMS
Capital  additions  increased  by $277 million in 1999 and $250 million in 1998.
The buildout of the 1900 megahertz markets was substantially  completed in 1997.
Since then,  spending has focused on increasing  the capacity and quality of our
national  wireless  network in existing  markets as well as the expansion of our
national footprint.

Total assets  increased $3,363 million,  or 17.6%,  from December 31, 1998. This
increase  was  primarily  due to increases in  goodwill,  licensing  costs,  and
property,  plant and equipment  associated with our acquisitions of Vanguard and
Honolulu.  Capital expenditures and increased accounts receivable resulting from
the growth in revenue also contributed to the 1999 increase in total assets.

BROADBAND
Our Broadband  segment offers a variety of services  through our cable broadband
network,  including  traditional  analog video and new services  such as digital
cable and AT&T@Home, our high-speed cable Internet access service. Also included
in this segment are the operations associated with developing and installing the
infrastructure that supports broadband telephony.

For the 10 Months Ended December 31,            1999
Dollars in millions
Revenue                                      $ 4,871
EBIT                                          (2,276)
EBITDA excluding other income (expense)          645
Capital additions                              4,759

At December 31,                                 1999
Total assets                                 $56,536

REVENUE
From the date of acquisition  through December 31, 1999,  Broadband  revenue was
$4,871 million. Broadband ended the year with 11.4 million basic cable

<PAGE>

customers,  passing  approximately 19.7 million homes, and had approximately 1.8
million digital-cable customers.  Broadband's high-speed cable Internet service,
AT&T@Home, ended 1999 with approximately 207,000 customers.

Broadband's  telephony pilot market initiatives are progressing on schedule.  As
of the end of 1999, we had introduced  broadband  telephony service to customers
in 16 cities within nine pilot markets and had nearly 8,300 broadband  telephony
customers.  The markets  include the  California Bay Area  (including  Fremont),
Chicago,  Dallas,  Denver,  Pittsburgh,  Seattle,  Salt Lake City, St. Louis and
Portland, Oregon.

EBIT/EBITDA
Since the date of acquisition, EBIT for 1999 was a deficit of $2,276 million and
EBITDA,  excluding  other  income  (expense),  was  $645  million.  Included  in
Broadband's  results was a $594  million  in-process  research  and  development
charge and a $50 million  charge  relating to a contribution  agreement  entered
into by Broadband to satisfy certain  liabilities of  Phoenixstar.  In addition,
our  equity  ownership  in  Excite@Home  and  Cablevision   negatively  impacted
Broadband's 1999 EBIT by $942 million.

OTHER ITEMS
Broadband's  capital  additions for 1999,  since the date of  acquisition,  were
$4,759 million. In 1999, spending was largely directed toward cable-distribution
systems,  focusing  on the  upgrade  of cable  plants.  Capital  additions  also
included contributions to various nonconsolidated investments.

OTHER AND CORPORATE
This group reflects the results of AT&T  Solutions,  our outsourcing and network
management  business,  International  Operations and Ventures,  other  corporate
operations,  corporate staff  functions and elimination of transactions  between
segments. Included in AT&T Solutions are the results of AGNS, which was acquired
for cash in phases throughout 1999.

For the Years Ended December 31,                  1999       1998      1997
Dollars in millions

Revenue                                        $ 2,819    $ 1,321   $   888
EBIT                                              (991)    (3,023)   (2,056)
EBITDA                                            (273)    (2,547)   (1,587)
Capital additions                                1,798        779     1,055

At December 31,                                   1999       1998
Total assets                                   $20,002    $12,459

REVENUE
For 1999, revenue increased $1,498 million, or 113.4%.  Excluding the results of
AGNS,  the  majority of which was  acquired in April 1999,  revenue for the year
increased  $285  million,  or 21.5%.  The increase was  primarily  driven by the
continued  strength  of AT&T  Solutions'  outsourcing  business,  and  growth in
International  Operations and Ventures. These increases were partially offset by
the increase in the  elimination  of  intercompany  revenue and the sale of AT&T
Solutions  Customer Care (ASCC) in 1998.  The  elimination of revenue and profit
generated by the sale of services  between  segments is primarily  the result of
sales of business  long  distance  services  to other AT&T units.  For the year,
intercompany  revenue  eliminated was $1,585 million,  an increase of 62.5% from
1998. This increase can be attributed to the rise in Business Services' sales to
AT&T Solutions (including the impact of AGNS) and Wireless Services.

<PAGE>

Revenue  increased  $433 million,  or 48.8%,  in 1998.  This revenue  growth was
primarily due to increases in  International  Operations and Ventures,  and AT&T
Solutions, partially offset by revenue of ASCC, which we sold in 1998.

EBIT/EBITDA
EBIT and EBITDA deficits in 1999 improved $2,032 million,  or 67.2%,  and $2,274
million,  or 89.3%,  respectively.  Adjusted  to exclude the impacts of gains on
sales of AT&T  Canada and  WOOD-TV in 1999 and ASCC and LIN-TV in 1998,  and net
restructuring  and  other  charges  in both 1999 and 1998,  EBIT  improved  $217
million,  or 18.6%,  to a deficit of $959  million in 1999.  On the same  basis,
EBITDA  improved  $460  million,  or 65.8%,  to a deficit of $240  million.  The
increases can be  attributed to  improvements  in the operating  performance  of
International  Operations  and  Ventures,  benefits  from  ongoing  cost-control
initiatives and the sales of miscellaneous investments. Negatively impacting the
improvements  in EBIT and  EBITDA was less  interest  income due to a lower cash
balance and distributions on trust preferred securities.

In 1998, the EBIT and EBITDA deficits  increased 47.1% and 60.8%,  respectively,
over 1997. Adjusted to exclude restructuring and other charges recorded in 1998,
gains on the 1998 sales of ASCC and LIN-TV  and the 1997  restructuring  reserve
reversal,  EBIT improved $980 million, or 45.4%, to a deficit of $1,176 million,
and EBITDA  improved  $987  million,  or 58.4%,  to a deficit of $700 million in
1998.  This was primarily due to lower corporate  overhead  related to headcount
reductions and lower employee benefit costs,  higher interest income  associated
with a larger cash balance,  and  improvements  in the operating  performance of
AT&T Solutions and International Operations and Ventures.

OTHER ITEMS
Capital additions increased $1,019 million in 1999 and decreased $276 million in
1998.  Additional  spending in 1999  reflected  increased  international  equity
investments  that support our global  strategy.  The decrease in 1998  reflected
fewer international equity investments compared with 1997.

Total assets increased $7,543 million at December 31, 1999, primarily due to the
acquisition of AGNS.

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES

AT&T SOLUTIONS
AT&T Solutions is composed of the Solutions  outsourcing unit, the internal AT&T
Information  Technology  Services  unit and the  recently  acquired  AT&T Global
Network Services (AGNS). The results of AT&T Solutions are included in the Other
and Corporate group.

For the Years Ended December 31,                    1999      1998      1997
Dollars in millions
Revenue                                           $3,120    $1,098     $ 824
EBIT                                                 (12)       31      (151)
EBITDA                                               482       307       135
Capital additions                                    384       280       289

At December 31,                                     1999      1998
Total assets                                      $7,064   $ 1,023

REVENUE
AT&T  Solutions  revenue for 1999 rose $2,022  million,  or 184.1%.  Adjusted to
exclude the impact of the acquisition of AGNS, revenue grew $531 million, or

<PAGE>

48.3%,  to $1,629  million.  For 1998  revenue  grew  33.2% to  $1,098  million.
Throughout both 1999 and 1998,  revenue strength was associated with the signing
of new  contracts  as well as the  expansion  of  services  provided to existing
clients.

AT&T Solutions,  with more than 30,000 clients,  including IBM, CitiGroup,  Bank
One,  McGraw-Hill,  United  Health Group,  Textron,  JP Morgan,  Merrill  Lynch,
MasterCard International and the State of Texas General Services Commission, has
the potential for more than $11 billion in outsourcing  revenue over the life of
signed  contracts.  During the fourth  quarter of 1999,  AT&T  Solutions  signed
multimillion dollar contracts with General Motors and Delphi Automotive Systems.
Also, in January 2000,  AT&T Solutions  signed a contract with Acer, the world's
third-largest  manufacturer of personal  computers,  its first global  agreement
with a non-U.S.-based multinational corporation.

EBIT/EBITDA
For 1999, EBIT declined $43 million and EBITDA  improved $175 million.  Adjusted
to exclude the impact of AGNS, EBIT improved $61 million,  or 192.0%, and EBITDA
improved $85 million, or 27.4%. For 1998, EBIT improved $182 million, or 120.7%,
and EBITDA improved $172 million,  or 127.7%.  For both periods,  revenue growth
combined with margin improvement resulting from ongoing cost-control initiatives
drove the EBIT and EBITDA improvements.

OTHER ITEMS
Capital additions  increased $104 million in 1999 and declined slightly in 1998.
Increased  spending  in  1999  related  to  AGNS'  purchases  of  client-support
equipment.  Spending  in 1998 and 1997 was  directed  primarily  toward the AT&T
information-technology infrastructure.

Total  assets  increased  $6,041  million,  or 590.4%,  at  December  31,  1999,
primarily  due to  goodwill  and other  intangible  assets  associated  with the
purchase of AGNS and increased accounts receivable.

INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS AND VENTURES
International  Operations  and Ventures  includes  AT&T's  consolidated  foreign
operations  such as frame relay  services in the United  Kingdom,  international
carrier  services  and  international   online  services.   However,   bilateral
international  long distance traffic is not included here; it is included in our
Business  and  Consumer  Services  segments.  The  earnings  or losses of AT&T's
nonconsolidated  international joint ventures and alliances,  such as Alestra in
Mexico, AT&T Canada Corp.,  Rogers Cantel in Canada and Japan Telecom,  are also
included.  The results of International  Operations and Ventures are included in
the Other and Corporate group.

For the Years Ended December 31,                  1999       1998       1997
Dollars in millions

Revenue                                         $1,228     $1,083      $ 712
EBIT                                              (316)      (333)      (399)
EBITDA                                            (252)      (264)      (338)
Capital additions                                1,095        155        496

At December 31,                                   1999       1998
Total assets                                    $2,777     $1,915

<PAGE>

REVENUE
International  Operations  and  Ventures  revenue grew $145  million,  or 13.5%,
during 1999 and $371 million, or 52.1%, in 1998.  International carrier services
and frame relay services volume increases drove revenue growth in both years. In
addition, nearly one-half of the revenue growth in 1998 can be attributed to the
1998  purchase of ACC Corp.  During  1998,  we  streamlined  our  operations  by
divesting certain nonstrategic businesses. Such streamlining, which continued in
1999,  along with the exit from  additional  businesses that would have competed
directly with Concert, negatively impacted our revenue growth in 1999.

EBIT/EBITDA
EBIT and EBITDA improved $17 million and $12 million, respectively, during 1999.
Excluding  restructuring and other charges, and certain gains and losses in 1999
and 1998,  EBIT improved $131 million,  or 52.9%,  to a deficit of $117 million,
and EBITDA improved $126 million, or 70.5%, to a deficit of $53 million, for the
year.  Such  improvements  can be attributed to the continued  restructuring  of
international operations, which included the disposition of certain nonstrategic
investments.  Also  contributing  to the  growth  was  the  improving  financial
performance in other ventures and alliances,  international carrier services and
frame relay services.  Negatively  impacting EBIT and EBITDA were costs incurred
during 1999 related to the launch of Concert.

EBIT improved $66 million and EBITDA  improved $74 million in 1998 compared with
1997.  Excluding an asset impairment charge recorded in 1998, EBIT improved $151
million,  or 38.0%,  to a deficit  of $248  million,  and EBITDA  improved  $159
million,  or 47.1%,  to a deficit of $179 million,  compared with 1997. The EBIT
and EBITDA  improvements  were  primarily  due to revenue  increases  and AT&T's
efforts to streamline its  international  operations and exit  nonstrategic  and
unprofitable businesses.

OTHER ITEMS
Capital  additions in 1999 increased $940 million over 1998, to $1,095  million,
driven by increased  investments in nonconsolidated  subsidiaries,  such as AT&T
Canada and Japan  Telecom.  Capital  additions  decreased  $341  million in 1998
compared with 1997. The decrease was primarily due to the high level of spending
in 1997, which was directed toward the funding of start-up ventures.

Total  assets were $2,777  million at December 31,  1999,  compared  with $1,915
million at December 31, 1998.  The increase was primarily due to  investments in
nonconsolidated  subsidiaries,  partially  offset by the  divestment  of certain
nonstrategic businesses.

LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP
Liberty  Media Group (LMG)  produces,  acquires and  distributes  entertainment,
educational and informational programming services through all available formats
and  media.  LMG is  also  engaged  in  electronic  retailing  services,  direct
marketing  services,   advertising  sales  relating  to  programming   services,
infomercials  and  transaction  processing.  Losses from LMG were $2,022 million
from the date of acquisition through December 31, 1999.

LIQUIDITY
For the Years Ended December 31,                  1999      1998       1997
Dollars in millions
CASH FLOW OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS:
  Provided by operating activities             $11,635   $10,217    $ 8,501
  (Used in) provided by investing activities   (27,043)    3,582     (6,755)
  Provided by (used in) financing activities    13,272   (11,049)    (1,540)

EBITDA                                         $18,292   $13,415    $11,327

<PAGE>

In 1999,  net cash provided by operating  activities  of  continuing  operations
increased  $1,418 million.  The increase was primarily  driven by an increase in
net income  excluding  the  noncash  impact of  depreciation  and  amortization,
restructuring  and other  charges,  and the  impact of  losses  from our  equity
investments.  Partially  offsetting  this  source was an  increase  in  accounts
receivable,  driven by higher revenue,  and an increase in our 1999 tax payments
primarily  related to the 1998 gain on the sale of UCS. The increase in net cash
provided by operating  activities  in 1998 was  primarily  due to an increase in
operational net income from continuing operations.

AT&T's investing activities resulted in a net use of cash of $27,043 million for
1999,  compared  with a net source of cash of $3,582  million  for 1998.  During
1999,  AT&T used $14.3  billion for capital  expenditures  and other  additions,
contributed  $5.5  billion of cash to LMG,  purchased  AGNS for $4.9 billion and
loaned $1.5 billion to MediaOne to pay termination  fees to Comcast  Corporation
(Comcast).  During 1998,  we received $5.7 billion as settlement of a receivable
in conjunction with the sale of UCS as well as $3.5 billion in proceeds from the
sale.  Also in 1998,  we received a total of $1.6  billion in proceeds  from the
sales of  LIN-TV,  ASCC and  SmarTone.  Our  capital  spending  of $7.8  billion
partially  offset  these 1998 sources of cash.  During 1997,  the primary use of
cash was in connection with capital spending of $7.6 billion.

During 1999,  net cash  provided by  financing  activities  was $13,272  million
compared  with cash used in financing  activities  of $11,049  million for 1998.
During 1999, AT&T received $8.4 billion in cash from 1999 bond issuances,  $10.2
billion from the issuance of  commercial  paper and  short-term  debt,  and $5.0
billion from the issuance of  convertible  securities  and warrants to Microsoft
Corporation  (Microsoft).  Significant  uses of cash were $3.9  billion  for the
repurchase of AT&T common stock, $2.8 billion to retire long-term debt, and $2.7
billion  to pay  dividends  on common  stock.  In 1998,  cash used in  financing
activities  was largely  attributable  to the pay down of  commercial  paper and
debt, and the repurchase of  approximately  $3 billion of AT&T common stock. The
AT&T common stock  repurchased in 1998 and 1999 was reissued in connection  with
the  Broadband  acquisition.  Cash  used in  financing  activities  in 1997  was
primarily for the payment of dividends on common stock.

AT&T has $4.6  billion  of  registered  notes and  warrants  to  purchase  notes
available  for  public  sale  under a  registration  statement  filed  with  the
Securities and Exchange Commission.  AT&T may sell notes under this registration
statement based on market conditions. The board of directors recently authorized
us to increase our long-term borrowing capacity by $10 billion. This would bring
total notes available for public or private sale to $14.6 billion. Proceeds from
the potential sale of private or publicly-placed notes and warrants will be used
for funding  investments  in  subsidiary  companies,  acquisitions  of licenses,
assets or  businesses  and general  corporate  purposes.  In  addition,  we will
receive funds from the initial public offering of AT&T Wireless  tracking stock,
which is expected to take place in the first half of 2000.

In 2000, we expect cash  generated  from  operations to be the primary source of
funding  for our  dividend  requirements  and  capital  expenditures.  Since the
majority of debt maturing  within one year is commercial  paper and debt with an
original  maturity of one year or less,  we expect to fund  repayments  of these
with other short-term borrowings.

At December 31, 1999,  we had a 364-day,  $7 billion  revolving-credit  facility
with a consortium of 42 lenders. We also had additional 364-day, revolving-

<PAGE>

credit  facilities of $3 billion.  These lines were for commercial paper back-up
and were  unused  at  December  31,  1999.  In  addition,  we had a $20  billion
commitment  from multiple  lenders with credit  agreements to be finalized  upon
consummation  of the  proposed  merger  with  MediaOne.  In  February  2000,  we
negotiated the syndication of a new 364-day, $10 billion facility.  As a result,
the $3 billion credit  facilities and the  commitments  associated  with the $20
billion  syndication   terminated.   Also  in  February  2000,  the  $7  billion
revolving-credit facility expired.

[Included  in the 1999 Annual  Report is a chart  entitled  "EBITDA."  The chart
depicts EBITDA on an as reported basis and an operational  basis, which excludes
restructuring  and other charges,  and certain gains and losses,  over the eight
quarters ended December 31, 1999.]

EBITDA  [earnings,  including other income  (expense),  before interest,  taxes,
depreciation and amortization] is a measure of our ability to generate cash flow
and should be  considered  in addition  to, but not as a substitute  for,  other
measures of financial performance reported in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles.  EBITDA increased  $4,877 million,  or 36.4%, to $18,292
million in 1999 compared with 1998.  EBITDA increased $2,088 million,  or 18.4%,
to  $13,415  million in 1998  compared  with 1997.  Excluding  Broadband,  AGNS,
restructuring and other charges, and certain gains and losses,  EBITDA increased
24.5% to $18,873  million in 1999 from $15,159 million in 1998. The increase was
primarily due to increased  revenue and an improving cost  structure.  Excluding
restructuring and other charges, and certain gains and losses,  EBITDA increased
33.2% in 1998  compared with 1997,  primarily as a result of our  cost-reduction
efforts coupled with higher revenue.

RISK MANAGEMENT
We are exposed to market  risk from  changes in  interest  and foreign  exchange
rates, as well as changes in equity prices associated with affiliate  companies.
On a limited basis, we use certain derivative financial  instruments,  including
interest  rate swaps,  options,  forwards,  equity  hedges and other  derivative
contracts,  to manage  these  risks.  We do not use  financial  instruments  for
trading  or  speculative  purposes.   All  financial  instruments  are  used  in
accordance with board-approved policies.

We use  interest  rate swaps to manage the impact of  interest  rate  changes on
earnings  and cash  flows  and also to lower our  overall  borrowing  costs.  We
monitor our interest rate risk on the basis of changes in fair value. Assuming a
10% downward  shift in interest  rates at December  31, 1999 and 1998,  the fair
value of interest rate swaps and the  underlying  hedged debt would have changed
by $3 million in both periods.  Assuming a 10% downward  shift in interest rates
at  December  31,  1999 and 1998,  the fair  value of  unhedged  debt would have
increased by $938 million and $290 million, respectively.

We use  forward  and  option  contracts  to reduce our  exposure  to the risk of
adverse changes in currency  exchange rates. We are subject to foreign  exchange
risk related to reimbursements to foreign telephone  companies for their portion
of the revenue billed by AT&T for calls placed in the United States to a foreign
country.  In addition,  we are also subject to foreign  exchange risk related to
other foreign-currency-denominated transactions. As of December 31, 1999, we had
a net unrealized  loss on forward  contracts of $27 million.  As of December 31,
1998,  we  had a  net  unrealized  gain  on  forward  contracts  of $9  million.
Unrealized gains and losses are calculated  based on the difference  between the
contract rate and the rate available to terminate the contracts. We monitor our

<PAGE>

foreign exchange rate risk on the basis of changes in fair value. Assuming a 10%
appreciation in the U.S. dollar at December 31, 1999 and 1998, the fair value of
these  contracts  would have  resulted in  additional  unrealized  losses of $29
million and $20 million, respectively.  Because these contracts are entered into
for hedging  purposes,  we believe that these losses would be largely  offset by
gains on the underlying firmly committed or anticipated transactions.

We use  equity  hedges  to manage  our  exposure  to  changes  in equity  prices
associated with stock appreciation  rights of affiliated  companies.  Assuming a
10% decrease in equity  prices of  affiliated  companies,  the fair value of the
equity hedge would have  decreased by $81 million.  Because these  contracts are
entered  into for hedging  purposes,  we believe that the decrease in fair value
would be largely offset by gains on the underlying transaction.

The changes in fair value, as discussed above,  assume the occurrence of certain
adverse  market  conditions.  They  do not  consider  the  potential  effect  of
favorable  changes in market  factors and do not represent  projected  losses in
fair  value  that we expect to incur.  Future  impacts  would be based on actual
developments  in global  financial  markets.  We do not foresee any  significant
changes in the strategies  used to manage interest rate risk,  foreign  currency
rate risk or equity price risk in the near future.

EURO CONVERSION
On January 1, 1999,  certain  members of the European  Union  established  fixed
conversion  rates between their  existing  currencies  and the European  Union's
currency (Euro).  The transition period is anticipated to extend through July 1,
2002. We have assessed the impact of the conversion on  information-  technology
systems,   currency   exchange  rate  risk,   derivatives  and  other  financial
instruments,  continuity  of  material  contracts  as  well  as  income  tax and
accounting  issues.  To date,  the  conversion has not had, nor do we expect the
conversion  during  the  transition  period to have,  a  material  effect on our
consolidated financial statements.

FINANCIAL CONDITION
At December 31,                              1999         1998
Dollars in millions
Total assets                              $169,406     $59,550
Total liabilities                           81,762      33,919
Total shareowners' equity                   78,927      25,522

Total  assets  increased  $109,856  million,  or 184.5%,  at December  31, 1999,
primarily  due to the impact of the  Broadband  acquisition,  which  resulted in
franchise costs; increased other investments including Cablevision,  Excite@Home
and  Lenfest  Communications,  Inc.;  and the  addition of  property,  plant and
equipment.   Property,  plant  and  equipment  also  increased  due  to  capital
expenditures made during the year. In addition,  assets increased due to Liberty
Media  Group,  which  is  recorded  as  an  equity  investment,   and  the  AGNS
acquisition,   which  resulted  in  increased  goodwill.  These  increases  were
partially  offset by a net decrease in cash,  which was used to  partially  fund
capital expenditures, the common stock repurchases and the purchase of AGNS.

[Included in the 1999 Annual Report is a bar graph entitled "Capital Investments
Support Growth  Opportunities."  The graph depicts our capital  investments  for
1998 and 1999 for data/IP, wireless, broadband, local and long distance.]

<PAGE>

Total liabilities at December 31, 1999,  increased  $47,843 million,  or 141.0%,
primarily due to the impact of the Broadband acquisition,  particularly debt and
deferred income taxes. In addition, we issued $8.5 billion of long-term debt and
$10.2 billion of short-term debt to fund acquisitions,  capital expenditures and
the common stock  repurchases.  These  increases  were  partially  offset by the
retirement of $2.8 billion of long-term debt.

At the  time  of the  acquisition,  TCI  had  mandatorily  redeemable  preferred
securities  that were issued  through a  subsidiary  trust and  preferred  stock
outstanding.  In June 1999,  Microsoft  Corporation  purchased  $5.0  billion of
quarterly convertible income preferred  securities,  which AT&T issued through a
subsidiary  trust.  These  securities  are  reflected  between  liabilities  and
shareowners' equity in the balance sheet. The preferred stock is recorded within
minority interest in equity of consolidated subsidiaries.

Total  shareowners'  equity was $78,927  million at  December  31,  1999.  Total
shareowners'  equity includes the equity  attributable to both AT&T common stock
and Liberty Media tracking  stock.  The AT&T common stock equity at December 31,
1999, was $40,406 million, an increase of 58.3% from $25,522 million at December
31, 1998.  This increase was primarily due to the issuance of shares  related to
Broadband, partially offset by shares repurchased. Liberty Media Group equity at
December 31, 1999, was $38,521 million.

The ratio of total debt to total AT&T Group  capital  (debt divided by debt plus
equity of AT&T Group) at December 31,  1999,  was 44.3%  compared  with 20.9% at
December 31, 1998. For purposes of this calculation,  debt included $1.6 billion
of redeemable preferred securities issued through a subsidiary trust of TCI, and
equity included $5.0 billion of convertible  preferred securities issued through
a  subsidiary  trust of AT&T.  The  increase  was  primarily  due to higher debt
partially offset by a higher equity base.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
In June 1998, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement
of Financial  Accounting  Standard  (SFAS) No. 133,  "Accounting  for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging  Activities."  Among other provisions,  it requires that
entities  recognize  all  derivatives  as either  assets or  liabilities  in the
statement of financial  position and measure  those  instruments  at fair value.
Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair values of those  derivatives
would be accounted  for  depending on the use of the  derivative  and whether it
qualifies for hedge accounting. The effective date for this standard was delayed
via the issuance of SFAS No. 137. The effective date for SFAS No. 133 is now for
fiscal  years  beginning  after  June  15,  2000,  though  earlier  adoption  is
encouraged and retroactive application is prohibited.  For AT&T, this means that
the standard  must be adopted no later than January 1, 2001.  Based on the types
of derivatives we currently have, we do not expect the adoption of this standard
will have a material impact on AT&T's results of operations,  financial position
or cash flows.

In  December  1999,  the SEC issued  Staff  Accounting  Bulletin  (SAB) No. 101,
"Revenue  Recognition in Financial  Statements,"  which must be adopted by March
31, 2000.  We are  currently  assessing  the impact of SAB 101 on our results of
operations.

YEAR 2000
AT&T's  Year 2000  (Y2K)  program  addressed  the use of  two-digit,  instead of
four-digit,  year fields in computer  systems.  If  computer  systems  could not
distinguish between the year 1900 and the year 2000, system failures or other

<PAGE>

computer  errors  could have  resulted.  The  potential  for failures and errors
spanned all aspects of our business,  including computer systems, voice and data
networks,  and  building   infrastructures.   We  also  needed  to  address  our
interdependencies  with our suppliers,  connecting carriers and major customers,
all of whom  faced the same  concern.  All  computer  systems  were  tested  and
repaired  as of  December  31,  1999,  and no major  Y2K-related  problems  were
reported  as the  calendars  rolled to January  1, 2000.  The cost of AT&T's Y2K
program was $725 million since inception in 1997. Total costs for 1999 were $275
million,  of which  approximately $45 million  represented  capital spending for
upgrading and replacing  noncompliant  computer  systems.  Less than half of the
1999  costs  represent  internal  information  technology  resources  that  were
redeployed  from other  projects and are expected to return to these projects in
2000.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On January 5,  2000,  AT&T and  British  Telecommunications  plc (BT)  announced
financial  closure of Concert.  Concert began  operations in 2000 as the leading
global  telecommunications  company serving  multinational  business  customers,
international carriers and Internet service providers worldwide.

On January 18,  2000,  we sold our  ownership  in Lenfest  Communications,  Inc.
(Lenfest),  to a subsidiary of Comcast. In connection with the sale, we received
48,555,280 shares of Comcast Class Special A common stock,  which had a value of
$2,510 million at the date of disposition.

On  February 3, 2000,  a  registration  statement  was filed with the SEC for an
initial public offering of AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock.  The new tracking
stock will provide current shareowners and future investors with a security tied
directly to the economic performance of AT&T's Wireless business.  AT&T Wireless
Group  will  include  voice  and  data  mobility,  fixed  wireless  and  certain
international wireless investments.  At a special shareowner meeting in March, a
proposal  to create the  tracking  stock was  approved.  We intend to conduct an
initial  public  offering of AT&T Wireless  Group  tracking  stock in the second
quarter. A distribution, which may be in the form of a dividend, exchange offer,
or a combination of these, of the AT&T Wireless Group tracking stock is intended
to be made to shareowners of AT&T common stock sometime  thereafter.  Holders of
Liberty Media Group tracking stock will not be entitled to this distribution.

In February  2000,  AT&T entered into an agreement  with TeleCorp PCS,  Inc., to
swap certain  licenses that we currently own in the midwestern  United States as
well as cash of  approximately  $100 million in exchange for licenses in several
New England markets.  The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter
of 2000.

STOCK INFORMATION
AT&T (ticker  symbol "T") is listed on the New York Stock  Exchange,  as well as
the Boston,  Chicago,  Cincinnati,  Pacific and  Philadelphia  exchanges  in the
United States, and on stock exchanges in Brussels,  London, Paris and Geneva. As
of December 31, 1999, AT&T had 3.2 billion shares outstanding, held by more than
4.2 million  shareowners.  Liberty  Media Group Class A and Class B common stock
(ticker symbols "LMG.A" and "LMG.B"),  tracking stock of AT&T, are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange.  As of December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Class A had 1.2
billion shares outstanding, held by 5,902 shareowners; Liberty Media Class B had
108.4 million shares outstanding, held by 417 shareowners.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21 - SUBSIDIARY LIST
<TEXT>

                       List of Subsidiaries of AT&T Corp.
                                  As of 3/23/00

                                                Jurisdiction of Incorporation

ACC Corp.................................................Delaware
Alascom, Inc.............................................Alaska
AT&T Communications, Inc.................................Delaware
AT&T Communications of California, Inc...................California
AT&T Communications of Delaware, Inc.....................Delaware
AT&T Communications of Hawaii, Inc.......................Hawaii
AT&T Communications of Illinois, Inc.....................Illinois
AT&T Communications of Indiana, Inc......................Indiana
AT&T Communications of Maryland, Inc.....................Maryland
AT&T Communications of Michigan, Inc.....................Michigan
AT&T Communications of the Midwest, Inc..................Iowa
AT&T Communications of the Mountain States, Inc..........Colorado
AT&T Communications of Nevada, Inc.......................Nevada
AT&T Communications of New England, Inc..................New York
AT&T Communications of New Hampshire, Inc................New Hampshire
AT&T Communications of New Jersey, Inc...................New Jersey
AT&T Communications of New York, Inc.....................New York
AT&T Communications of Ohio, Inc.........................Ohio
AT&T Communications of the Pacific Northwest, Inc........Washington
AT&T Communications of Pennsylvania, Inc.................Pennsylvania
AT&T Communications of the South Central States, Inc.....Delaware
AT&T Communications of the Southern States, Inc..........New York
AT&T Communications of the Southwest, Inc................Delaware
AT&T Communications of Virginia, Inc.....................Virginia
AT&T Communications of Washington D.C., Inc..............New York
AT&T Communications of West Virginia, Inc................West Virginia
AT&T Communications of Wisconsin, Inc....................Wisconsin
AT&T Communications Services International Inc...........Delaware
AT&T Global Communications Services Inc..................Delaware
AT&T Istel...............................................United Kingdom
AT&T Solutions Inc.......................................Delaware
AT&T Global Network Services Inc.........................Delaware
AT&T of Puerto Rico, Inc.................................New York
AT&T Wireless Services, Inc..............................Delaware
LIN Broadcasting Corporation.............................Delaware
Teleport Communications Group Inc........................Delaware
Tele-Communications, Inc.................................Delaware
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT
<TEXT>

                                                                     Exhibit 23a

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


We  hereby  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  registration
statements  on Form  S-3 for the  Shareowner  Dividend  Reinvestment  and  Stock
Purchase Plan  (Registration  No.  333-00573),  Forms S-8 for the AT&T Long Term
Savings and Security Plan (Registration Nos. 333-47257 and 33-34265),  Forms S-8
for the AT&T Long Term Savings Plan for Management Employees  (Registration Nos.
33-34264,  33-29256 and 33-21937),  Form S-8 for the AT&T Retirement Savings and
Profit Sharing Plan  (Registration No. 33-39708),  Forms S-8 for Shares Issuable
Under  the Stock  Option  Plan of the AT&T  1987  Long  Term  Incentive  Program
(Registration  Nos.  333-47251  and  33-56643),  Form S-8 for the AT&T of Puerto
Rico,  Inc. Long Term Savings Plan for Management  Employees  (Registration  No.
33-50819),  Form S-8 for the AT&T of Puerto  Rico,  Inc.  Long Term  Savings and
Security Plan (Registration No. 33-50817), and Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on
Form S-8 to Form S-8 Registration Statement  (Registration No. 33-54797) for the
AT&T 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,  Form S-8 for the AT&T Shares for Growth
Program  (Registration  No.  333-47255),  Form S-8 for the AT&T  1997  Long Term
Incentive  Program   (Registration   No.  33-28665),   Form  S-3  for  the  AT&T
$2,600,000,000 Notes and Warrants to Purchase Notes (Registration No. 33-49589),
Form S-3 for the AT&T  $3,000,000,000  Notes  and  Warrants  to  Purchase  Notes
(Registration  No.  33-59495),  Form S-4 for the AT&T  5,000,000  Common  Shares
(Registration No. 33-57745),  and in Post-Effective Amendment Nos. 1, 2 and 3 on
Form S-8 to Form S-4 Registration Statement  (Registration No. 33-42150) for the
NCR Corporation 1989 Stock Compensation Plan (Registration No. 33-42150-01), the
NCR Corporation 1984 Stock Option Plan  (Registration  No.  33-42150-02) and the
NCR  Corporation  1976  Stock  Option  Plan   (Registration  No.   33-42150-03),
respectively, and the Post-Effective Amendment Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 5 on Form S-8 to
Form S-4  Registration  Statement  (Registration  No.  33-52119)  for the  McCaw
Cellular Communications, Inc. 1983 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (Registration
No. 33-52119-01), the McCaw Cellular Communications, Inc. 1987 Stock Option Plan
(Registration No. 33-52119-02),  the McCaw Cellular Communications,  Inc. Equity
Purchase  Plan   (Registration   No.   33-52119-03)   and  the  McCaw   Cellular
Communications,   Inc.   Employee   Stock   Purchase  Plan   (Registration   No.
33-52119-05),  respectively,  and Post-Effective  Amendment No. 1 on Form S-8 to
Form S-4  Registration  Statement  (Registration  No. 33-45302) for the Teradata
Corporation  1987  Incentive  and Other  Stock  Option  Plan  (Registration  No.
33-45302-01),  Form S-8 for the AT&T Amended and Restated 1969 Stock Option Plan
for LIN Broadcasting  Corp.  (Registration No. 33-63195),  and in Post Effective
Amendment Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 on Form S-8 to Form S-4  Registration  Statement
(Registration  No.  333-49419) for the Teleport  Communications  Group Inc. 1993
Stock Option Plan (Registration No. 333-49419-01), Teleport Communications Group
Inc. 1996 Equity  Incentive  Plan  (Registration  No.  333-49419-02),  ACC Corp.
Employee Long Term Incentive Plan  (Registration  No.  333-49419-03),  ACC Corp.
Non-Employee  Directors' Stock Option Plan  (Registration No.  333-49419-04) and
ACC Corp. 1996 UK Sharesave Scheme (Registration No. 333-49419-05), and Form S-8
for AT&T Wireless Services,  Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Registration No.
333-52757),  and in  Post-Effective  Amendment  Nos.  1 and 2 on  Form  S-8  and
Post-Effective  Amendment No. 3 to Form S-4 Registration Statement (Registration
No.  333-70279)  for the  Tele-Communications,  Inc. 1998  Incentive  Plan,  the
Tele-Communications,  Inc.  1996  Incentive  Plan  (Amended and  Restated),  the
Tele-Communications,  Inc.  1995  Employee  Stock  Incentive  Plan  (Amended and

<PAGE>

Restated), the Tele-Communications,  Inc. 1994 Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and
Restated), the Tele-Communications,  Inc. 1994 Nonemployee Director Stock Option
Plan, the Tele-Communications International, Inc., the 1996 Nonemployee Director
Stock  Option  Plan,  the  Tele-Communications  International,  Inc.  1995 Stock
Incentive Plan (Registration No. 333-70279-01), the Liberty Media 401(K) Savings
Plan, the TCI 401(K) Stock Plan  (Registration No.  333-70279-02),  Form S-3 for
the  $13,080,000  Debt  Securities  and  Warrants  to Purchase  Debt  Securities
(Registration No.  333-71167) and Form S-4 for Vanguard  Cellular Systems,  Inc.
(Registration  No.  333-75083)  of AT&T Corp.,  and Form S-4 for Media One Corp.
(Registration  No.  333-86019) of AT&T Corp.,  and Form S-4 for Four Media Corp.
(Registration  No.  333-30250)  of AT&T  Corp.,  and Form S-8 for AT&T Long Term
Savings (Registration No. 333-87935) of AT&T Corp., of our report dated March 9,
2000 relating to the  consolidated  financial  statements of AT&T Corp.  and its
subsidiaries,  which appears in the 1999 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is
incorporated  in this  Annual  Report  on Form  10-K.  We  also  consent  to the
incorporation  by reference  of our report  dated March 9, 2000  relating to the
financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K.






PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


New York, New York
March 27, 2000

<PAGE>
                                                                     Exhibit 23b

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


We  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in the  following  AT&T Corp.
registration  statements of our report dated February 29, 2000,  relating to the
combined balance sheets of Liberty Media Group ("New Liberty" or "Successor") as
of  December  31,  1999,   and  of  Liberty   Media  Group  ("Old   Liberty"  or
"Predecessor")  as of December 31, 1998, and the related combined  statements of
operations and  comprehensive  earnings,  combined equity and cash flows for the
period  from March 1, 1999 to  December  31,  1999  (Successor  period) and from
January 1, 1999 to February  28, 1999 and for each of the years in the  two-year
period  ended  December  31, 1998  (Predecessor  periods),  which  appears as an
exhibit to this AT&T Corp. 1999 Annual Report on Form 10-K:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Registration
Form       Statement No.                                   Description
- ----       -------------                                   -----------
<S>        <C>                                             <C>
S-3        333-00573                                       Shareowner Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase
                                                           Plan
S-8        333-47257  and  33-34265                        AT&T  Long Term  Savings  and  Security  Plan
S-8        33-34264,  33-29256  and 33-21937               AT&T Long Term  Savings  Plan for  Management Employees
S-8        33-39708                                        AT&T  Retirement  Savings and Profit  Sharing Plan
S-8        333-47251 and 33-56643                          Shares Issuable Under the Stock Option Plan of the AT&T 1987 Long Term
                                                           Incentive Program
S-8        33-50819                                        AT&T of Puerto Rico, Inc. Long Term Savings Plan for Management Employees
S-8        33-50817                                        AT&T of Puerto Rico, Inc. Long Term Savings and Security Plan
S-8        33-54797 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 1)       AT&T 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
S-8        333-47255                                       AT&T Shares for Growth Program
S-8        33-28665                                        AT&T 1997 Long Term Incentive Program
S-4        33-57745                                        AT&T 7,500,000 Common Shares
S-8        33-42150 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to     NCR Corporation 1989 Stock Compensation Plan
           Form S-4, (33-42150-01))
S-8        33-42150 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to     NCR Corporation 1984 Stock Option Plan
           Form S-4, (33-42150-02))
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Registration
Form       Statement No.                                   Description
- ----       -------------                                   -----------
<S>        <C>                                             <C>
S-8        33-42150 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to     NCR Corporation 1976 Stock Option Plan
           Form S-4, (33-42150-03))
S-8        33-52119 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to     McCaw Cellular Communications, Inc. 1983 Non-Qualified
           Form S-4, (33-52119-01)                         Stock Option Plan
S-8        33-52119 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to     McCaw Cellular Communications, Inc. 1987 Stock Option
           Form S-4, (33-52119-02)                         Plan
S-8        33-52119 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to     McCaw Cellular Communications, Inc. Equity Purchase
           Form S-4, (33-52119-03)                         Plan
S-8        33-52119 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to     McCaw Cellular Communications, Inc. Employee Stock
           Form S-4, (33-52119-05)                         Purchase Plan
S-8        33-45302 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to     Teradata Corporation 1987 Incentive and Other Stock
           Form S-4, (33-45302-01))                        Option Plan
S-8        33-63195                                        AT&T Amended and Restated 1969 Stock Option Plan for
                                                           LIN Broadcasting Corp.
S-8        333-49419 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to    Teleport Communications Group Inc. 1993 Stock Option
           Form S-4, (333-49419-01))                       Plan
S-8        333-49419 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to    Teleport Communications Group Inc. 1996 Equity
           Form S-4, (333-49419-02))                       Incentive Plan
S-8        333-49419 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to    ACC Corp. Employee Long Term Incentive Plan
           Form S-4, (333-49419-03))
S-8        333-49419 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to    ACC Corp. Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan
           Form S-4, (333-49419-04))
S-8        333-49419 (Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to    ACC Corp. 1996 UK Sharesave Scheme
           Form S-4, (333-49419-05))
S-8        333-52757                                       AT&T Wireless Services, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase
                                                           Plan
S-8        333-70279 (Post-Effective Amendments Nos. 1     Tele-Communications, Inc. 1998 Incentive Plan
           and 3 to Form S-4, (333-70279-01))
                                                           Tele-Communications, Inc. 1996 Incentive Plan (Amended
                                                           and Restated)
                                                           Tele-Communications, Inc. 1995 Employee Stock
                                                           Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated)
                                                           Tele-Communications, Inc. 1994 Stock Incentive Plan
                                                           (Amended and Restated)
                                                           Tele-Communications, Inc. 1994 Nonemployee Director
                                                           Stock Option Plan
                                                           Tele-Communications International, Inc. 1996
                                                           Nonemployee Director Stock Option Plan
                                                           Tele-Communications International, Inc. 1995 Stock
                                                           Incentive Plan
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Registration
Form       Statement No.                                   Description
- ----       -------------                                   -----------
<S>        <C>                                             <C>
S-8        333-70279 (Post-Effective Amendments No. 2 to   Liberty Media 401(K) Savings Plan
           Form S-4, (333-70279-02))
                                                           TCI 401(K) Stock Plan
S-3        333-71167                                       $13,080,000 Debt Securities and Warrants to Purchase
                                                           Debt Securities
S-4        333-75083                                       Vanguard Cellular Systems, Inc.
S-4        333-86019                                       Media One Corp.
S-4        333-30250                                       Four Media Corp.
S-8        333-87935                                       AT&T Long Term Savings
</TABLE>


                                    KPMG LLP


Denver, Colorado
March 27, 2000


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>POWERS OF ATTORNEY
<TEXT>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS,  the  undersigned  is both a  director  and an  officer of the
Company, as indicated below his signature:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorney for him and
in his name,  place and stead,  and in his  capacity  as both a director  and an
officer of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report,  and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully,  to all intents and  purposes,  as he
might or could do if personally  present at the doing thereof,  hereby ratifying
and  confirming all that said attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or cause to be
done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/   C. Michael Armstrong
                                   -----------------------------
                                         C. Michael Armstrong
                                         Chairman of the Board and Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS,  the  undersigned  is both a  director  and an  officer of the
Company, as indicated below his signature:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them, as attorneys for him and
in his name,  place and stead, and in his capacity as an officer of the Company,
to execute and file such annual  report,  and thereafter to execute and file any
amendments or amendments thereto,  hereby giving and granting to said attorneys,
and each of them,  full power and authority to do and perform each and every act
and  thing  whatsoever  requisite  and  necessary  to be done in and  about  the
premises,  as fully,  to all  intents and  purposes,  as he might or could do if
personally  present at the doing  thereof,  hereby  ratifying and confirming all
that said  attorneys  may or shall  lawfully do, or cause to be done,  by virtue
hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  J. D. Zeglis
                                   -----------------------------
                                        J. D. Zeglis
                                        President and Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS,  the  undersigned  is an officer of the Company,  as indicated
below his signature:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them, as attorneys for him and
in his name,  place and stead, and in his capacity as an officer of the Company,
to execute and file such annual  report,  and thereafter to execute and file any
amendments or amendments thereto,  hereby giving and granting to said attorneys,
and each of them,  full power and authority to do and perform each and every act
and  thing  whatsoever  requisite  and  necessary  to be done in and  about  the
premises,  as fully,  to all  intents and  purposes,  as he might or could do if
personally  present at the doing  thereof,  hereby  ratifying and confirming all
that said  attorneys  may or shall  lawfully do, or cause to be done,  by virtue
hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Charles H. Noski
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Charles H. Noski
                                        Senior Executive Vice President
                                          and Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS,  the  undersigned  is an officer of the Company,  as indicated
below her signature:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI, N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER, and each of them, as attorneys for her and
in her name,  place and stead, and in her capacity as an officer of the Company,
to execute and file such annual  report,  and thereafter to execute and file any
amendments or amendments thereto,  hereby giving and granting to said attorneys,
and each of them,  full power and authority to do and perform each and every act
and  thing  whatsoever  requisite  and  necessary  to be done in and  about  the
premises,  as fully,  to all intents and  purposes,  as she might or could do if
personally  present at the doing  thereof,  hereby  ratifying and confirming all
that said  attorneys  may or shall  lawfully do, or cause to be done,  by virtue
hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Nicholas S. Cyprus
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Nicholas S. Cyprus
                                        Vice President and Controller

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Kenneth T. Derr
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Kenneth T. Derr
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  M. Kathryn Eickhoff
                                   -----------------------------
                                        M. Kathryn Eickhoff
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Walter Y. Elisha
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Walter Y. Elisha
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  George M. C. Fisher
                                   -----------------------------
                                        George M. C. Fisher
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Donald V. Fites
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Donald V. Fites
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Amos B. Hostetter, Jr.
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Amos B. Hostetter, Jr.
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Ralph S. Larsen
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Ralph S. Larsen
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  John C. Malone
                                   -----------------------------
                                        John C. Malone
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Donald F. McHenry
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Donald F. McHenry
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Michael I. Sovern
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Michael I. Sovern
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Sanford I. Weill
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Sanford I. Weill
                                        Director

<PAGE>

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY



KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

         WHEREAS, AT&T CORP., a New York corporation (hereinafter referred to as
the  "Company"),  proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,
under the  provisions of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  an
annual report on Form 10-K; and

         WHEREAS, the undersigned is a director of the Company:

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints C. H.
NOSKI,  N. S. CYPRUS AND M. J. WASSER and each of them,  as attorneys for him or
her and in his or her name,  place and stead,  and in his or her  capacity  as a
director of the Company,  to execute and file such annual report, and thereafter
to execute and file any  amendments  or  amendments  thereto,  hereby giving and
granting to said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing  whatsoever  requisite  and necessary to be
done in and about the premises,  as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or
she  might  or could do if  personally  present  at the  doing  thereof,  hereby
ratifying and  confirming  all that said  attorneys may or shall lawfully do, or
cause to be done, by virtue hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
this 27th day of March, 2000.




                                   /s/  Thomas H. Wyman
                                   -----------------------------
                                        Thomas H. Wyman
                                        Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>12 MOS. ENDED 12-31-99
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
consolidated  balance  sheet  of  AT&T  Corp.  at  December  31,  1999,  and the
consolidated  statement of income for the twelve-month period ended December 31,
1999,  and  is  qualified  in  its  entirety  by  reference  to  such  financial
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1999
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                                   DEC-31-1999
<CASH>                                         1,024
<SECURITIES>                                   0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  11,960
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,507
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               13,884
<PP&E>                                         69,675
<DEPRECIATION>                                 30,057
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 169,406
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          28,207
<BONDS>                                        21,591
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          6,326
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       4,461
<OTHER-SE>                                     74,466
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   169,406
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               62,391
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  51,532
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               1,416
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             1,651
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                6,685
<INCOME-TAX>                                   3,257
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            3,428
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   3,428
<EPS-BASIC>                                    1.77
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  1.74


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>9 MOS. ENDED 09-30-99
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of AT&T Corp. at September 30, 1999,  and
the unaudited  consolidated  statement of income for the nine-month period ended
September  30,  1999,  and is  qualified  in its  entirety by  reference to such
financial statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  9-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1999
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                                   SEP-30-1999
<CASH>                                         0
<SECURITIES>                                   0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  12,117
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,488
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               13,040
<PP&E>                                         65,361
<DEPRECIATION>                                 28,886
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 161,806
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          23,515
<BONDS>                                        22,073
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          6,346
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       4,461
<OTHER-SE>                                     70,302
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   161,806
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               46,057
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  37,639
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               1,077
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             1,108
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                6,158
<INCOME-TAX>                                   2,679
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            3,479
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   3,479
<EPS-BASIC>                                    1.41
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  1.39


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>6 MOS. ENDED 06-30-99
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of AT&T Corp.  at June 30, 1999,  and the
unaudited  consolidated  statement of income for the six-month period ended June
30, 1999,  and is  qualified  in its  entirety by  reference  to such  financial
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  6-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1999
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                                   JUN-30-1999
<CASH>                                         418
<SECURITIES>                                   0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  11,257
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,227
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               12,946
<PP&E>                                         62,574
<DEPRECIATION>                                 27,580
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 145,238
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          21,577
<BONDS>                                        22,152
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          6,354
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       4,461
<OTHER-SE>                                     69,027
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   145,238
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               29,787
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  24,758
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               733
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             649
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                3,854
<INCOME-TAX>                                   1,791
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            2,063
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   2,063
<EPS-BASIC>                                    0.90
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.88


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>3 MOS. ENDED 03-31-99
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of AT&T Corp. at March 31, 1999,  and the
unaudited  consolidated  statement  of income for the  three-month  period ended
March 31, 1999,  and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such financial
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  3-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1999
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                                   MAR-31-1999
<CASH>                                         1,463
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  10,526
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,143
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               13,245
<PP&E>                                         59,539
<DEPRECIATION>                                 26,524
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 135,635
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          19,443
<BONDS>                                        22,488
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          1,660
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       3,807
<OTHER-SE>                                     66,555
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   135,635
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               14,096
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  11,980
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               386
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             190
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                2,017
<INCOME-TAX>                                   999
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            1,018
<DISCONTINUED>                                 0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   1,018
<EPS-BASIC>                                    0.39
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.38


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>12 MOS. ENDED 12-31-98
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
consolidated  balance  sheet  of  AT&T  Corp.  at  December  31,  1998,  and the
consolidated  statement of income for the twelve-month period ended December 31,
1998,  and  is  qualified  in  its  entirety  by  reference  to  such  financial
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1998
<PERIOD-END>                                   DEC-31-1998
<CASH>                                         3,160
<SECURITIES>                                   0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  10,115
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,060
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               14,118
<PP&E>                                         52,277
<DEPRECIATION>                                 25,374
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 59,550
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          15,442
<BONDS>                                        5,556
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       2,630
<OTHER-SE>                                     22,892
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   59,550
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               53,223
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  45,736
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               1,389
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             427
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                8,307
<INCOME-TAX>                                   3,072
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            5,235
<DISCONTINUED>                                 1,300
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                (137)
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   6,398
<EPS-BASIC>                                    2.39
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  2.37


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>9 MOS. ENDED 09-30-98
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of AT&T Corp. at September 30, 1998,  and
the unaudited  consolidated  statement of income for the nine-month period ended
September  30,  1998,  and is  qualified  in its  entirety by  reference to such
financial statements.

</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  9-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1998
<PERIOD-END>                                   SEP-30-1998
<CASH>                                         4,190
<SECURITIES>                                   0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  10,412
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,029
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               15,563
<PP&E>                                         49,811
<DEPRECIATION>                                 24,718
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 58,318
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          14,723
<BONDS>                                        6,079
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       2,631
<OTHER-SE>                                     21,533
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   58,318
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               39,695
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  35,394
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               1,050
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             322
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                5,148
<INCOME-TAX>                                   1,901
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            3,247
<DISCONTINUED>                                 1,300
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                (137)
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   4,410
<EPS-BASIC>                                    1.64
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  1.62


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>6 MOS. ENDED 06-30-98
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of AT&T Corp.  at June 30, 1998,  and the
unaudited  consolidated  statement of income for the six-month period ended June
30, 1998,  and is  qualified  in its  entirety by  reference  to such  financial
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  6-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1998
<PERIOD-END>                                   JUN-30-1998
<CASH>                                         7,845
<SECURITIES>                                   123
<RECEIVABLES>                                  10,297
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,044
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               19,179
<PP&E>                                         48,059
<DEPRECIATION>                                 23,815
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 61,085
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          14,725
<BONDS>                                        7,161
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       2,709
<OTHER-SE>                                     23,027
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   61,085
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               26,042
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  25,097
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               714
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             208
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                1,750
<INCOME-TAX>                                   626
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            1,124
<DISCONTINUED>                                 1,300
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   2,424
<EPS-BASIC>                                    0.90
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.89


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>3 MOS. ENDED 03-31-98
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of AT&T Corp. at March 31, 1998,  and the
unaudited  consolidated  statement  of income for the  three-month  period ended
March 31, 1998,  and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such financial
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  3-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1998
<PERIOD-END>                                   MAR-31-1998
<CASH>                                         328
<SECURITIES>                                   245
<RECEIVABLES>                                  14,783
<ALLOWANCES>                                   1,020
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               16,215
<PP&E>                                         46,663
<DEPRECIATION>                                 23,084
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 59,467
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          15,844
<BONDS>                                        7,342
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       2,683
<OTHER-SE>                                     21,611
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   59,467
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               12,831
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  11,427
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               362
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             80
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                2,030
<INCOME-TAX>                                   745
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            1,285
<DISCONTINUED>                                 10
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   1,295
<EPS-BASIC>                                    0.48
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  0.48


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>16
<DESCRIPTION>12 MOS. ENDED 12-31-97
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>
This  schedule  contains  summary  financial   information  extracted  from  the
consolidated  balance  sheet  of  AT&T  Corp.  at  December  31,  1997,  and the
consolidated  statement of income for the twelve-month period ended December 31,
1997,  and  is  qualified  in  its  entirety  by  reference  to  such  financial
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                   1,000,000

<S>                                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                  12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                              DEC-31-1997
<PERIOD-START>                                 JAN-01-1997
<PERIOD-END>                                   DEC-31-1997
<CASH>                                         318
<SECURITIES>                                   307
<RECEIVABLES>                                  15,347
<ALLOWANCES>                                   988
<INVENTORY>                                    0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               16,777
<PP&E>                                         46,436
<DEPRECIATION>                                 22,233
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 61,095
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          17,317
<BONDS>                                        7,857
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                          0
<PREFERRED>                                    0
<COMMON>                                       2,684
<OTHER-SE>                                     20,994
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   61,095
<SALES>                                        0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               51,577
<CGS>                                          0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  44,741
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                               1,522
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             307
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                6,972
<INCOME-TAX>                                   2,723
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            4,249
<DISCONTINUED>                                 166
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                0
<CHANGES>                                      0
<NET-INCOME>                                   4,415
<EPS-BASIC>                                    1.65
<EPS-DILUTED>                                  1.65


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>17
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99
<TEXT>


Overview of Liberty Media Group

         Liberty Media Group, through Liberty Media Corporation and its
subsidiaries and affiliates, owns interests in a broad range of video
programming, communications and Internet businesses in the United States,
Europe, South America and Asia. The principal assets in the Liberty Media Group
include interests in Starz Encore Group LLC, Discovery Communications, Inc.,
Time Warner Inc., QVC, Inc., USA Networks, Inc., Telewest Communications, plc,
TV Guide, Inc., Motorola, Inc., Sprint PCS Group, The News Corporation Limited,
Teligent, Inc. and Liberty Digital, Inc.

Governance Structure

         Substantially all of the businesses and assets included in the Liberty
Media Group are held by its primary operating unit, Liberty Media Corporation.
As a result of the TCI/AT&T Merger on March 9, 1999, Liberty Media Corporation
and several affiliated companies which make up the Liberty Media Group, are held
by wholly owned subsidiaries of AT&T. Liberty Media Group has a substantial
degree of managerial autonomy from AT&T as a result of its corporate governance
arrangement with AT&T, under which the board of directors and management of
Liberty Media Corporation control the business and affairs of the group. Liberty
Media Corporation's board of directors is controlled by persons designated by
Tele-Communications, Inc. ("TCI") prior to its acquisition by AT&T, and will
continue to be controlled by those persons, or others chosen by them, until at
least 2006. Liberty Media Corporation's management consists of individuals who
managed the businesses of TCI's Liberty Media Group and TCI Ventures Group prior
to the AT&T merger. The directors and officers of Liberty Media Corporation
serve in the same capacities with the affiliated companies included in the
Liberty Media Group. Liberty Media Corporation has entered into agreements with
AT&T which provide it with a level of financial and operational separation from
AT&T, define its rights and obligations as a member of AT&T's consolidated tax
group, enable it to finance its operations separately from those of AT&T and
provide it with certain programming rights with respect to AT&T's cable systems.

Recent Developments

         On March 1, 1999, United Video Satellite Group, Inc. acquired Liberty
Media Group's 40% interest in Superstar/Netlink Group and its 100% interest in
Netlink USA, which uplinks the signals of six Denver-based broadcast television
stations, in exchange for shares of UVSG common stock. On the same date, UVSG
acquired from The News Corporation Limited, in exchange for cash and shares of
UVSG common stock, the stock of certain corporations that publish TV Guide
Magazine and other printed television program listing guides and distribute TV
Guide Online. Following this transaction UVSG, which changed its name to TV
Guide, Inc., became jointly controlled by Liberty Media Group and News Corp.
with each owning approximately 44% of its equity and 49% of its voting power. In
October 1999, TV Guide announced that it had entered into a definitive merger
agreement with Gemstar International Group Limited, pursuant to which TV Guide
would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Gemstar. This transaction is subject
to the approval of the shareholders of each company (which was received on March
17, 2000) as well as customary closing conditions.

<PAGE>

         On March 22, 1999, Liberty Media Group entered into a seven-year
"cashless collar" with a financial institution with respect to 15 million
shares of Time Warner common stock, secured by 15 million shares of its
approximately 114 million shares of Time Warner Series LMCN-V Common Stock. In
effect, Liberty Media Group purchased a put option that gives it the right to
require its counterparty to buy 15 million Time Warner shares from Liberty
Media Group in approximately seven years for $67.45 per shares. Liberty Media
Group simultaneously sold a call option giving the counterparty the right to
buy the same shares from Liberty Media Group in approximately seven years for
$158.33 per share. Since the purchase price of the put option was equal to the
proceeds form the sale of the call option, the collar transaction had no cash
cost to Liberty Media Group.

         On July 7, 1999, Liberty Media Group issued 7-7/8% Senior Notes due
2009, in the aggregate principal amount of $750 million, and 8-1/2% Senior
Debentures due 2029, in the aggregate principal amount of $500 million. Liberty
Media Group received net cash proceeds from these issuances of $741 million and
$494 million, respectively, which were used to repay outstanding borrowings
under certain credit facilities. On January 13, 2000, Liberty Media Group
completed a registered exchange offer for these securities that provided
tendering holders with identical securities "freely" transferable under the
Securities Act of 1933.

         On July 15, 1999, Liberty Media Group sold to News Corp. its 50%
interest in their jointly owned Fox/Liberty Networks programming venture, in
exchange for 51.8 million News Corp. ADRs representing preferred limited voting
ordinary shares of News Corp., valued at approximately $1.425 billion, or
approximately $27.52 per ADR. In a related transaction, Liberty Media Group
acquired from News Corp. 28.1 million additional ADRs representing preferred
limited voting ordinary shares of News Corp. for approximately $695 million, or
approximately $24.74 per ADR. As a result of these transactions and subsequent
open market purchases, as of March 1, 2000, Liberty Media Group owned
approximately 81.7 million ADRs representing preferred limited voting ordinary
shares of News Corp. or approximately 8% of News Corp.'s ordinary shares on a
fully diluted basis.

         On September 9,1999, TCI Music, Inc. and Liberty Media Group completed
a transaction pursuant to which Liberty Media Group contributed to TCI Music
substantially all of its Internet content and interactive television assets,
certain rights with respect to access to AT&T cable systems for the provision
of interactive active services, and a combination of cash and notes receivable
equal to $150 million, in exchange for preferred and common stock of TCI Music.
Following this transaction, Liberty Media Group owned 95% of TCI Music which
changed its name to Liberty Digital, Inc. In addition, Liberty Media Group
adopted a policy that Liberty Digital would be its primary (but not exclusive)
vehicle to pursue corporate opportunities relating to interactive programming
and interactive content related services in the United States and Canada,
subject to certain exceptions.

         On September 30, 1999, Liberty Media Group purchased 9.9 million class
B shares of UnitedGlobalCom, Inc. for approximately $493 million in cash.
UnitedGlobalCom is a global broadband communications provider of video, voice
and data services with operations in over 20 countries throughout the world. As
part of the transaction, Liberty Media Group expects to form a 50/50 joint
venture or similar arrangement with United Pan-Europe Communications N.V.,
UnitedGlobalCom's European subsidiary, to own the UnitedGlobalCom shares and to
evaluate joint content and distribution opportunities in Europe. Liberty Media

<PAGE>

Group would contribute to the joint venture its 9.9 million class B shares of
UnitedGlobalCom and United Pan-Europe would contribute 5.6 million class A
shares of UnitedGlobalCom. Liberty Media Group expects to assign 50% of its
interest in the joint venture to Microsoft Corporation. In addition to its 25%
interest (after the assignment to Microsoft), Liberty Media Group would receive
approximately $144 million of redeemable preferred interests in the joint
venture. When formed, the joint venture would own approximately 14.5% of the
total outstanding common shares of UnitedGlobalCom on a fully diluted basis.
The joint venture and its members would be bound by voting and standstill
agreements with UnitedGlobalCom and certain of its controlling shareholders.

         On November 16, 1999, Liberty Media Group issued 4% Senior
Exchangeable Debentures due 2029, in the aggregate principal amount of $869
million. Liberty Media Group received net cash proceeds from this issuance of
$854 million. On February 9,2000, the resale of these debentures was registered
under the Securities Act of 1933.

         On December 6, 1999, Liberty Media Group entered into an agreement
with Four Media Company with respect to a transaction pursuant to which Liberty
Media Group would acquire all of the outstanding common stock of Four Media In
exchange for approximately $123 million in cash, the issuance of approximately
3.2 million shares of AT&T Class A Liberty Media Group tracking stock and a
warrant to purchase approximately 350,000 shares of AT&T Class A Liberty Media
Group tracking stock at an exercise price of $46.00 per share. Four Media is a
provider of technical and creative services to owner, producers and
distributors of television programming, feature films and other entertainment
products both domestically and internationally. The transaction with Four Media
is subject to the approval of Four Media's shareholders, as well as other
customary closing conditions and is currently expected to close in the second
quarter of 2000.

         On December 10, 1999, Liberty Media Group entered into an agreement
with the Todd-AO Corporation with respect to a transaction pursuant to which
the liberty Media Group would acquire approximately 60% of the outstanding
equity and 94% of the voting power of Todd in exchange for approximately 3
million shares of AT&T Class A Liberty Media Group tracking stock. Todd
provides sound, video and ancillary post production and distribution services
to the motion picture and television industries in the United States and
Europe. The transaction with Todd is subject to the approval of Todd's
shareholders, as well as other customary closing conditions and is currently
expected to close in the second quarter of 2000.

         On December 30, 1999, Liberty Media Group entered into an agreement
with Soundelux Entertainment Group, Inc. with respect to a transaction pursuant
to which the Liberty Media Group would acquire approximately 55% of the
outstanding equity and 92% of the voting power of Soundelux in exchange for
approximately 2 million shares of AT&T Class A Liberty Media Group tracking
stock.  Soundelux provides video, audio, show production, design and
installation services to location-based entertainment venues and provides
production and post-production sound services, including content, editing,
re-recording and music supervision, to the motion picture, television and
interactive gaming industries. The transaction with Soundelux is subject to the
approval of Soundelux's shareholders and the closing of the Todd transaction, as
well as other customary closing conditions and is currently expected to close in
the second quarter of 2000.

<PAGE>

          Following the acquisitions of majority interests in Todd and Soundelux
and 100% of the voting securities of Four Media, and subject to certain
conditions, the Liberty Media Group has agreed to cause the following additional
transactions to occur: (i) contribution of the Liberty Media Group's controlling
interest in Todd to Soundelux, in exchange for additional shares of voting stock
of Soundelux; (ii) contribution by Soundelux to Todd of 100% of the business and
operations of Soundelux, in exchange for additional shares of voting stock of
Todd and the assumption by Todd of 100% of the liabilities of Soundelux; and
(iii) contribution by the Liberty Media Group to Soundelux, and by Soundelux to
Todd, of 100% of the stock of Four Media. As a result of such transactions, the
assets and operation now owned and operated by Four Media, Soundelux and Todd
would be consolidated within Todd, which would change its name to Liberty
Livewire, Inc. Liberty Livewire would be attributed to Liberty Media Group.

         On December 15, 1999, a trust for Liberty Media Group's benefit entered
into a "cashless collar" with a financial institution with respect to 18
million shares of Sprint PCS stock-Series 1, secured by 18 million shares of
the trust's Sprint PCS stock-Series 2. The Sprint PCS stock-Series 2 is
convertible into the Sprint PCS stock-Series 1 on a one-for-one basis. The
collar consists of a put option that gives the trust the right to require its
counterparty to buy 18 million shares of Sprint PCS stock-Series 1 from the
trust in three tranches in approximately two years for $50 per share. The
counterparty has a call option giving the counterparty the right to buy the
same shares from the trust in three tranches in approximately two years for
$65.23 per share. The put and the call options were equally priced, resulting in
no cash cost to the trust or Liberty Media Group. Share amounts and prices have
been adjusted to reflect a Sprint's February two-for-one stock split.

         On January 5, 2000, General Instrument Corporation merged with
Motorola, Inc. As a result of this merger, Liberty Media Group's 21% interest in
GI was exchange for an approximate 3% interest in Motorola.

         On January 14, 2000, the Liberty Media Group completed its acquisition
of The Associated Group, Inc. pursuant to a  merger agreement among AT&T,
Liberty Media Group and Associated Group. Under the merger agreement, each share
of Associated Group's Class A common stock and Class B common stock was
converted into 0.49634 shares of AT&T common stock and 1.20711 shares of AT&T
Class A Liberty Media Group tracking stock. Prior to the merger, Associated
Group's primary assets were (1) approximately 19.7 million shares of AT&T common
stock, (2) approximately 23.4 million shares of AT&T Class A Liberty Media Group
tracking stock, (3) approximately 5.3 million shares of AT&T Class B Liberty
Media Group tracking stock, (4) approximately 21.4 million shares of common
stock, representing approximately a 40% interest, of Teligent, Inc., a
full-service, facilities-based communications company, and (5) all of the
outstanding shares of common stock of TruePosition, Inc., which provides
location services for wireless carriers and users designed to determine the
location of any wireless transmitters, including cellular and PCS telephones.
Immediately following the completion of the merger, all of the assets and
businesses of Associated Group were transferred to Liberty Media Group. All of
the shares of AT&T common stock, AT&T Class A Liberty Media Group tracking stock
and AT&T Class B Liberty Media Group tracking stock previously held by
Associated Group were retired by AT&T.

         On February 2, 2000, Liberty Media Group issued 8-1/4% Senior
Debentures due 2030, in the aggregate principal amount of $1 billion. Liberty
Media Group received net cash proceeds from this issuance of $983 million.

<PAGE>

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into with the purchasers of
these debentures, Liberty Media Group is required to effect a registered
exchange offer for the debentures which will provide tendering holders with
identical securities "freely" transferable under the Securities Act of 1933.

         On February 7, 2000, Liberty Media Group purchased 18 million shares of
Cendant Corporation common stock and a warrant to purchase up to an additional
approximate 29 million shares of common stock at an exercise price of $23.00
per share (subject to anti-dilution adjustments), which resulted in Liberty
Media Group having an approximate 6.5% ownership interest in Cendant. Liberty
Media Group paid $300 million in cash for the common stock and $100 million in
cash for the warrants. Cendant is primarily engaged in the consumer and
business services industries, with its principal operations in travel related
services, real estate related services and alliance marketing related service.

         On February 10, 2000, Liberty Media Group issued 3-3/4% Senior
Exchangeable Debentures due 2030, in the aggregate principal amount of $750
million. Liberty Media Group received net cash proceeds from this issuance of
$735 million. On March 8, 2000, Liberty Media Group issued an additional $60
million principal amount of its 3-3/4% Senior Exchangeable Debentures due 2030.
Liberty Media Group received net cash proceeds from this issuance of $59
million. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into with the
purchasers of these debentures, the resale of these debentures is required to be
registered under the Securities Act of 1933.

         On February 27, 2000, Liberty Media Group entered into an agreement
with ICG Communication, Inc. pursuant to which Liberty Media Group would
purchase for $500 million (a) 500,000 shares of ICG Communications convertible
preferred stock, which are initially convertible into 17,857,142 shares of ICG
Communications common stock, and (b) warrants to purchase 6,666,667 shares of
ICG Communications common stock at an initial exercise price of $34.00 per
share. This transaction is subject to customer closing conditions.

         On February 29, 2000 Liberty Media Group commenced a cash tender offer
for all of the outstanding common stock of Ascent Entertainment Group, Inc. at a
price of $15.25 per share. Pursuant to a merger agreement entered into with
Ascent on February 22, 2000, if a majority of the outstanding shares of Ascent
are tendered in the offer and the other conditions to the offer are satisfied or
waived, Liberty will acquire control of Ascent and, as soon as practicable
thereafter, will acquire the remaining Ascent shares by merging a subsidiary
into Ascent. This transaction is subject to approval of Ascent's shareholders,
as well as other customary closing conditions. If the merger is effected,
Liberty Media Group expects to pay approximately $460 million for the Ascent
stock. In addition, Ascent will have approximately $295 million in indebtedness
outstanding immediately after the merger. Ascent's principal business is
providing pay-per-view entertainment and information services through its
majority owned subsidiary, On Command Corporations. Ascent also provides
satellite service to the NBC television network and owns the National Basketball
Association's Denver Nuggets, the National Hockey League's Colorado Avalanche
and the Pepsi Center Denver's new entertainment facility which is home to both
the Nuggets and the Avalanche. If is acquires Ascent Liberty Media Group intends
to seek a buyer for the sports teams and the Pepsi Center.

<PAGE>

         On March 16, 2000 Liberty Media Group purchased shares of cumulative
preferred stock in TCI Satellite Entertainment, Inc. ("TSAT") in exchange for
Liberty Media Group's economic interest in 5,084,745 shares of Sprint
Corporation PCS common stock, valued at $300 million. Liberty Media Group
received 150,000 shares of TSAT Series A 12% Cumulative Preferred Stock and
150,000 shares of TSAT Series B 8% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred
Stock. The Series A preferred stock does not have voting rights while the Series
B preferred stock gives Liberty Media Group approximately 85% of the voting
power of TSAT. As part of this transaction, Liberty Media Group and TSAT formed
a joint venture named Liberty Satellite, LLC to hold and manage interests in
entities engaged globally in the distribution of internet data and other content
via satellite and related businesses. Liberty Media Group contributed its
interests in XM Satellite Radio Holdings, Inc., iSKY, Inc., Astrolink
International LLC and Sky Latin America in exchange for an approximately 89%
interest in the joint venture. TSAT contributed its interest in JATO
Communications Corp. and General Motors Class H Common Stock in exchange for an
approximately 11% interest in the joint venture which will be managed by TSAT.
In a related transaction, TSAT paid Liberty Media Group $60 million in the form
of an unsecured promissory note in exchange for an approximately 14% interest in
a limited liability company with holdings in Astrolink International LLC. The
remaining 86% of the limited liability company is held by Liberty Satellite,
LLC.

Description of Business

         The following table sets forth information concerning Liberty Media
Group's subsidiaries and business affiliates. Liberty Media Group's interests
are held either directly or indirectly through partnerships, joint ventures,
common stock investments or instruments convertible or exchangeable into common
stock. Ownership percentages in the table are approximate, calculated as of
March 1, 2000, and, where applicable and except as otherwise noted, assume
conversion to common equity by Liberty Media Group and, to the extent known by
Liberty Media Group, other holders. In some cases, Liberty Media Group's
interest may be subject to buy/sell procedures, repurchase rights or, under
certain circumstances, dilution.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   SUBSCRIBERS AT
                                      12/31/99                                              ATTRIBUTED OWNERSHIP
       ENTITY                          (000'S)            YEAR LAUNCHED                          % AT 3/1/00
       ------                          -------            -------------                          -----------
                                                     VIDEO PROGRAMMING SERVICES
<S>                                <C>               <C>                                    <C>
BET Holdings II, Inc.                                                                                35%
    BET Cable Network                   58,600                 1980
    BET Action Pay-Per-View             10,000(1)              1990
    BET on Jazz                          7,000                 1996
    BET.com                             Online                 1999                                  50%

Canales n                                   17(2)              1998                                 100%

Court TV                                37,543                 1991                                  50%

Discovery Communications, Inc.                                                                       49%
    Discovery Channel                   77,829                 1985
    The Learning Channel                72,175                 1980
    Animal Planet                       54,018                 1996
    Discovery People                     8,200                 1997
    Travel Channel                      35,466                 1987
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             SUBSCRIBERS AT
                                                12/31/99                                              ATTRIBUTED OWNERSHIP
       ENTITY                                    (000'S)            YEAR LAUNCHED                          % AT 3/1/00
       ------                                    -------            -------------                          -----------
                                                         VIDEO PROGRAMMING SERVICES (CONTINUED)
<S>                                          <C>              <C>                                     <C>
    Discovery Digital Services                   5,026(2)
       Discovery Civilization                                          1996
       Discovery Health                                                1998
       Discovery Home & Leisure                                        1996
       Discovery Kids                                                  1996
       Discovery Science                                               1996
       Discovery Wings                                                 1998
       Discovery en Espanol                                            1998
    Animal Planet Asia                           6,445                 1998                                     25%
    Animal Planet Europe                         6,328                 1998
    Animal Planet Latin America                  6,774                 1998                                     25%
    Discovery Asia                              37,712                 1994
    Discovery India                             14,100                 1996
    Discovery Japan(3)                           1,542                 1996
    Discovery Europe                            19,155                 1989
    Discovery Turkey                               600                 1997
    Discovery Germany                            1,206                 1996                                     25%
    Discovery Italy/Africa                       1,423                 1996
    Discovery Latin America                     12,145                 1996
    Discovery Latin America Kids Network         8,490                 1996
    People & Arts (Latin America)                9,453                 1995                                     25%
    Discovery Channel  Online                   Online                 1995
    Discovery Home & Leisure (Europe)            5,911

Starz Encore Group LLC                                                                                         100%
    Encore                                      13,745                 1991
    MOVIEplex                                    7,598                 1995
    Thematic Multiplex (aggregate units)        26,012(2)              1994
       Love Stories
       Westerns
       Mystery
       Action
       True Stories
       WAM! America's Kidz Network
    STARZ!                                      10,240                 1994
    STARZ! Multiplex (aggregate units)           6,180(2)
       STARZ! Theater                                                  1996
       BET Movies/STARZ!3                                                                                      88%
       STARZ! Family
       STARZ! cinema                                                   1997
E! Entertainment Television                     59,318                 1990                                    10%
    Style                                        4,630                 1998

Flextech p.l.c. (UK)                                                                                           37%
(LN(4): FLXT)
    Bravo                                        5,188                 1985                                    37%
    Challenge TV                                 5,383                 1993                                    37%
    HSN Direct International                       N/A                 1994                                    42%
    KinderNet                                    5,751                 1988                                    12%
    Living                                       6,175                 1993                                    37%
    SMG                                            N/A                 1957                                     7%
    Trouble                                      5,164                 1984                                    37%
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   SUBSCRIBERS AT
                                      12/31/99                                              ATTRIBUTED OWNERSHIP
       ENTITY                          (000'S)            YEAR LAUNCHED                          % AT 3/1/00
       ------                          -------            -------------                          -----------
                                               VIDEO PROGRAMMING SERVICES (CONTINUED)
<S>                                <C>               <C>                                    <C>
    TV Travel Shop                     7,010                   1998                                  37%
    UK Arena (UKTV)                    3,139                   1997                                  18%
    UK Gold (UKTV)                     6,279                   1992                                  18%
    UK Gold Classics (UKTV)            1,993                   1999                                  18%
    UK Horizons (UKTV)                 4,840                   1997                                  18%
    UK Style (UKTV)                    3,191                   1997                                  18%
    UK Play (UKTV)                     2,450                   1998                                  18%

Fox Kids Worldwide, Inc.                                                                             (5)

International Channel                  8,558                   1990                                  90%

Jupiter Programming Co., Ltd.
  (Japan)                                                                                            50%
    Cable Soft Network                 2,486                   1989                                  50%
    CNBC Japan/Nikkei                    N/A                   1997                                  10%
    Golf Network                       2,076                   1996                                  45%
    Discovery Japan                    1,601                   1996                                  49%
    J-Sports                             697                   1998                                  66%
    Shop Channel                       6,800                   1996                                  41%

MacNeil/Lehrer Productions               N/A                    N/A                                  67%

MultiThematiques, S.A.                                                                               30%
    Canal Jimmy (France)               2,285                   1991
    Canal Jimmy (Italy)                  700                   1997
    Cine Cinemas (France)                729                   1991
    Cine Cinemas (Italy)                 144                   1997
    Cine Classics (France)               631                   1991
    Cine Classics (Spain)                225                   1995                                  15%
    Cine Classics (Italy)                144                   1997
    Forum Planete (France)             1,365                   1997
    Planete (France)                   3,119                   1988
    Planete (Poland)                   1,944                   1996
    Planete (Germany)                  1,206                   1997
    Planete (Italy)                      670                   1997
    Seasons (France)                     106                   1996
    Seasons (Spain)                       37                   1997
    Seasons (Germany)                     35                   1997
    Seasons (Italy)                       46                   1997

The News Corporation Limited                                                                          8%
(NYSE: NWS.A; ASX(4): NCPDP)

Odyssey                               26,920                   1988                                  33%(6)

Pramer S.C.A. (Argentina)                                                                           100%
    America Sports                     2,360                   1990
    Big Channel                        2,352                   1992
    Canal a                            2,268                   1996
    Cineplaneta                        2,038                   1997
    Magic Kids                         3,858                   1995
    P&E                                  781                   1996
    Plus Satelital (fka CV SAT)        3,925                   1988
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           SUBSCRIBERS AT
                                              12/31/99                                              ATTRIBUTED OWNERSHIP
       ENTITY                                 (000'S)            YEAR LAUNCHED                          % AT 3/1/00
       ------                                 -------            -------------                          -----------
                                                     VIDEO PROGRAMMING SERVICES (CONTINUED)
<S>                                       <C>               <C>                                    <C>
The Premium Movie Partnership                  890                   1995                                   20%
(Australia)

QVC Inc.                                                                                                    43%
    QVC Network                             66,702                   1986
    QVC-The Shopping Channel (UK)            7,867                   1993                                   34%
    QVC-Germany                             16,726                   1996
    iQVC                                    Online                   1995

Telemundo Network                                 (7)                                                       50%
Telemundo Station Group                           (8)                                                       25%

Time Warner Inc. (NYSE: TWX)                                                                                 9%

Torneos y Competencias, S.A                    N/A                    N/A                                   40%

TV Guide, Inc. (Nasdaq: TVGIA)                                                                              44%(9)
    TV Guide Channel                        50,000                   1988
    TV Guide Interactive                          (2)                1998
    TV Guide Sneak Prevue                   34,000                   1991                                   32%
    UVTV                                    57,000(10)                N/A
    Superstar/Netlink                          952                    N/A                                   35%
    TV Guide Magazine                       11,000(11)                N/A
    TV Guide Online                         Online
    The Television Games Network               N/A                   1999                                   43%
    Infomedia SA                               N/A                   1991                                   33%

USA Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: USAI)              21%(12)
    HSN                                     73,700(13)               1985
    America's Store                          6,800(13)               1986
    Internet Shopping Network               Online                   1995
    HSN en Espanol                           2,700                                                          11%
    HOT (Germany)                           29,000                   1996                                    9%
    Shop Channel (Japan)                     3,370                   1996                                      (3)
    Sci-Fi Channel                          59,700                   1992
    USA Network                             77,200                   1980
    USA Broadcasting                        37,500(14)               1986
    Ticketmaster                                                      N/A
    Studios USA                                                       N/A
    USA Films                                                         N/A
    Hotel Reservations Network              Online                   1991
    (Nasdaq:ROOM)
    Ticketmaster Online-City Search         Online                   1998                                   11%
    (Nasdaq: TMCS)
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                HOMES IN           HOMES
                                              SERVICE AREA         PASSED        BASIC SUBS                             ATTRIBUTED
                                              12/31/99(15)      12/31/99(16)     12/31/99(17)        PENETRATION        OWNERSHIP
  ENTITY                                         (000)             (000)            (000)             12/31/99           AT 3/1/00
  ------                                         -----             -----            -----             --------           ---------
                                                                            CABLE AND TELEPHONY

<S>                                           <C>               <C>              <C>                 <C>                <C>
Cable Management Ireland                          130               97               60                  62%               100%

TCI Chile L.P.                                                                                                             100%
    Metropolis-Intercom, S.A                    1,600            1,092              269                  25%                30%

Cablevision S.A.                                4,000            3,386            1,453                  43%                28%
(Argentina)

Grupo Portatel                                                                                                              24%

Jupiter Telecommunications Co., Ltd.
    (Japan)
                                                4,830            3,709              536                  14%                40%

Omnipoint Communications, Inc.
                                                                                                                             3%

Princes Holdings Limited (Ireland)
                                                  497              387              163                  42%                50%

Sprint PCS Group                                                                  5,700                                     24%(18)
(NYSE: PCS)

Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico,
    Inc.                                          442              288              108                  38%               100%

Telewest Communications plc (UK)
                                                6,074            4,444            1,156                  26%                22%
(LN(4): TWT) (Nasdaq: TWSTY)

Teligent, Inc.                                                                                                              34%
(Nasdaq:TGNT)

UnitedGlobalCom, Inc.                                                                                                       10%
(Nasdaq: UCOMA)
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                  ATTRIBUTED
                                                                                                                  OWNERSHIP
ENTITY                                           BUSINESS DESCRIPTION                                             AT 3/1/00
- ------                                           --------------------                                             ---------
                                                 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
<S>                                              <C>                                                              <C>
Astrolink International LLC                      Will build a global telecom network using 4 ka-band                  32%
                                                 geostationary satellites to provide broadband data
                                                 communications services.  The first 2 satellites, to be
                                                 launched in 2002, will service customers in North and
                                                 South America, Europe and the Middle East.  The third
                                                 and fourth spacecraft will extend the network worldwide.

iSKY, Inc.                                       Will build a ka-band satellite network that will focus               19%
                                                 on providing broadband services to homes and small
                                                 offices in North America and Latin America.

Sky Latin America                                Satellite delivered television platform currently                    10%
                                                 servicing Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Columbia

TCI Satellite Entertainment, Inc.                Holds interests in certain communications assets                      3% (19)
(Nasdaq:TSATA)                                   including General Motors Class H stock (NYSE:GMH) which
                                                 tracks the performance of Hughes Electronics Corp.,
                                                 owner of DirecTV

XM Satellite Radio, Inc.                         Plans to transmit up to 100 national audio channels of                2%
(Nasdaq:XMSR)                                    music, news, talk, sports and children's programming
                                                 from two satellites directly to vehicle, home and
                                                 portable radios

                                                 TECHNOLOGY AND MANUFACTURING

Antec Corporation                                Manufacturer of products for hybrid fiber/coaxial
(Nasdaq: ANTC)                                   broadband networks                                                   19%

Motorola, Inc.                                   Provider of integrated communications solutions and                   3%
(NYSE: MOT)                                      embedded electronic solutions

TruePosition                                     Provider of wireless location technology and services               100%
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                    ATTRIBUTED
                                                                                                                    OWNERSHIP
ENTITY                                  BUSINESS DESCRIPTION                                                        AT 3/1/00
                                           INTERNET/INTERACTIVE TELEVISION SERVICES
<S>                                    <C>                                                                         <C>
Broadband NOW, Inc.                     Provides high-speed Internet access and customized broadband content             5%
                                        and applications to subscribers via a private IP network that can
                                        connect such subscribers via multiple broadband technologies, including
                                        DSL, cable modem, wireless and Ethernet


Geocast Network Systems, Inc.           Building a new network that uses digital broadcast infrastructure to deliver      8%
                                        rich media information and programming to the PC desktop

Liberty Digital, Inc.                   A diversified new media company with investments in Internet content and        94%
(Nasdaq: LDIG)                          infrastructure and interactive television

                                                               OTHER

Emmis Communications                    Emmis owns and operates 16 radio stations, including five in the markets        12%
  Corporation                           of New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. Emmis also operates six
(Nasdaq:EMMS)                           television stations and six magazines.

Cendant Corporation                     Cendant is a franchiser of hotels, rental car agencies, tax preparation         7%
(NYSE:CD)                               services and real estate brokerage offices. In direct marketing,
                                        Cendant provides access to insurance, travel, shopping, auto and other
                                        services primarily through its buying clubs. Cendant also provides
                                        vacation time share services, mortgage services and employee relocation.
                                        It operates in over 100 countries.
</TABLE>

- -----------------------------------
 (1)  Number of subscribers to whom service is available.

 (2)  Digital services.

 (3)  Liberty Media Group's attributed ownership interest in this entity is
      listed under Jupiter Programming Co., Ltd. ("Jupiter") of which Liberty
      Media International, Inc. owns 50%.

 (4)  LN -- London Stock Exchange; ASX -- Australian Stock Exchange.

 (5)  Liberty Media Group's interest consists of shares of 30-year 9% preferred
      stock which has a stated aggregate value of $345 million and is not
      convertible into common stock.

 (6)  Odyssey will be contributed to Crown Media Holdings in exchange for an
      approximate 18% interest in Crown Media Holdings.

 (7)  Telemundo Network is a 24-hour broadcast network serving 61 markets in
      the United States, including the 37 largest Hispanic markets.

 (8)  Telemundo Station Group owns and operates eight full power UHF broadcast
      stations and 15 low power television stations serving some of the largest
      Hispanic markets in the United States and Puerto Rico.

<PAGE>

 (9)  See "General Development of Business--Video Programming Services--TV
      Guide, Inc." for proposed changes in ownership of TV Guide.

(10)  Aggregate number of units. UVTV uplinks three superstations (WGN, WPIX,
      KTLA) and six Denver broadcast stations. One household subscribing to six
      services would be counted as six "units."

(11)  Magazine circulation -- includes subscription and newsstand distribution.

(12)  Liberty Media Group owns direct and indirect interests in various USAI
      and Home Shopping Network, Inc. securities which may be converted or
      exchanged for USAI common stock. Assuming the conversion or exchange of
      such securities, the conversion or exchange of certain securities owned by
      Universal Studios, Inc. and certain of its affiliates for USAI common
      stock Liberty Media Group would own approximately 21% of USAI.

(13)  Includes broadcast households and cable subscribers.

(14)  A group of UHF and low power television stations which operate in 12 of
      the country's top 22 broadcast markets, including in 7 of the top 10
      markets, which reach approximately 31% of TV households in the U.S.

(15)  Homes in Service Area: The number of homes to which the relevant operating
      company is permitted by law to offer its services. Not all service areas
      are granted exclusively to the respective operating company.

(16)  Homes Passed: Homes that can be connected to a cable distribution system
      without further extension of the distribution network.

(17)  Basic Subscribers: A subscriber to a cable or other television
      distribution system who receives the basic television service and who is
      usually charged a flat monthly rate for a specific number of channels.

(18)  Less than 1% of voting power. Liberty Media Group holds securities of
      Sprint which are exercisable for or convertible into Sprint PCS
      stock-Series 1, which is publicly traded.

(19)  On March 16, 2000, Liberty Media Group acquired 85% voting power in TCI
      Satellite Entertainment.


BUSINESS OPERATIONS

     Liberty Media Group is engaged principally in three fundamental areas of
business:


     *  Programming, consisting principally of interests in video programming
        services:

     * Communications, consisting principally of interests in cable television
       systems and other communications systems; and

     * Internet services and technology.

<PAGE>

         The principal assets and consolidated subsidiaries of Liberty Media
Group are described in greater detail below.

          VIDEO PROGRAMMING SERVICES

         Programming networks distribute their services through a number of
distribution technologies, including cable television, direct-to-home satellite,
broadcast television and the Internet. Programming services may be delivered to
subscribers as part of a video distributor's basic package of programming
services for a fixed monthly fee, or may be delivered as a "premium" programming
service for an additional monthly charge. Whether a programming service is on a
basic or premium tier, the programmer generally enters into separate multi-year
agreements, known as "affiliation agreements," with those distributors that
agree to carry the service. Basic programming services derive their revenues
principally from the sale of advertising time on their networks and from per
subscriber license fees received from distributors. Premium services do not sell
advertising and primarily generate their revenues from subscriber fees.

         Relationship with AT&T Broadband. Most of the networks affiliated with
Liberty Media Group have entered into affiliation agreements with Satellite
Services, Inc. ("SSI") a company within AT&T Broadband, the successor company to
TCI. SSI purchases programming services from programming suppliers and then
makes such services available to cable television systems owned by or affiliated
with AT&T Broadband ("SSI Affiliates"). Customers served by SSI Affiliates ("SSI
Subscribers") represented approximately 25% of U.S. households which received
cable or satellite delivered programming at December 31, 1999. Except as
described below, substantially all of the video programming services operated by
Liberty's subsidiaries and business affiliates received less than 25% of their
revenues from AT&T Broadband. Each of Starz Encore Group and Liberty Digital,
Inc. has entered into long term, fixed rate affiliation agreements with AT&T
Broadband pursuant to which AT&T Broadband pays monthly fixed amounts in
exchange for unlimited access to certain programming services of such companies.
For the year ended December 31, 1999, such fixed rate affiliation fees
represented approximately 37% and 28% of the total revenues of Starz Encore
Group and Liberty Digital, respectively.

         STARZ ENCORE GROUP LLC

         Starz Encore Group LLC provides cable and satellite-delivered premium
movie networks in the United States. It currently owns and operates 13 full-time
domestic movie channels, including Encore, which airs first-run movies and
classic contemporary movies, STARZ!, a first-run premium movie service and its
four multiplex channels, six digital movie services programmed by theme ("Encore
Thematic Multiplex"), and MOVIEplex, a "theme-by-day" channel featuring a
different Encore or Encore Thematic Multiplex channel each day, on a weekly
rotation. Starz Encore Group currently has agreements in place with most of the
major program distributors and many smaller distributors to carry its Encore
Thematic Multiplex services in digital packages.

         Starz Encore Group currently has access to approximately 5,700 movies
through long-term library licensing agreements. In addition, it has licensed the
exclusive rights to first-run output from Disney's Hollywood Pictures,
Touchstone and Miramax, Universal Studios, New Line and Fine Line, Sony's
Columbia Pictures and Sony Classics and other major studios. Starz Encore Group
also has exclusive rights to first run output from four independent studios. The
output agreements expire between 2003 and 2011. Unlike vertically integrated
programmers, Starz Encore Group is not committed to or dependent on any one
source of film productions. As a result, it has affiliations with every major
Hollywood studio, through long-term output or library agreements. Additionally,
Starz Encore Group is involved in several original programming productions.

<PAGE>

     PRAMER S.C.A.

     Pramer S.C.A. is the largest owner and distributor of cable television
programming services in Argentina. Pramer currently owns eight programming
services and distributes them throughout Argentina. Pramer also distributes
eight additional programming services in which it does not have an ownership
interest, including two of Argentina's four terrestrial broadcast stations,
throughout Argentina. Of the 16 programming services owned and/or distributed by
Pramer, nine of them are distributed throughout Latin America. Pramer intends to
continue to develop and acquire branded programming services and to further
expand the carriage of its programming to distribution networks outside
Argentina.

DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

Discovery Communications, Inc. is the largest originator of documentary,
nonfiction programming in the world. Since its 1985 launch of Discovery Channel,
Discovery has grown into a global media enterprise with 1999 revenues of $1.4
billion. It currently operates programming services reaching more than 160
million people across six continents.

Discovery's programming, products and services derive from the following three
business units:

- -    Discovery Networks, U.S., which is comprised of Discovery Channel, The
     Learning Channel, Animal Planet, The Travel Channel, Discovery Health
     Channel and a package of six digital services;

- -    Discovery Networks International, which extends Discovery's programming
     globally and currently reaches more than 85 million subscribers in 147
     foreign countries in 24 languages; and

- -    Discovery Enterprises Worldwide, which includes Discovery's brand extension
     business in retail, online, video, multimedia, publishing, licensing and
     education.

     Terms of Ownership. Discovery is organized as a close corporation managed
by its stockholders rather than a board of directors. Generally, all actions to
be taken by Discovery require the approval of the holders of a majority of
Discovery's shares, subject to certain exceptions, including certain fundamental
actions, which require the approval of the holders of at least 80% of
Discovery's shares. The stockholders of Discovery have agreed that they will not
be required to make additional capital contributions to Discovery unless they
all consent. They have also agreed not to own another basic programming service
carried by domestic cable systems that consists primarily of documentary science
and nature programming, subject to certain exceptions.

     Each stockholder has been granted preemptive rights on share issuances by
Discovery. Any proposed transfer of Discovery shares by a stockholder will be
subject to rights of first refusal in favor of the other stockholders, subject
to certain exceptions, with Liberty Media Group's right of first refusal being
secondary under certain circumstances. In addition, Liberty Media Group is not
permitted to hold in excess of 50% of Discovery's stock unless its increased
ownership results from exercises of its preemptive rights or rights of first
refusal.

<PAGE>

     FLEXTECH, PLC

     Flextech, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, creates, packages and
markets entertainment and information programming for distribution on cable
television, direct-to-home satellite and digital terrestrial television
providers throughout the United Kingdom and parts of continental Europe. By
acquiring interests in and establishing alliances among providers of a variety
of entertainment programming, Flextech has been able to achieve significant
economies of scale and establish itself as a major low-cost provider of
European television programming. Flextech has interests in 14 cable and
satellite channels, 13 of which are distributed in the United Kingdom market.
In addition to managing its five wholly owned programming services, Flextech
currently provides management services to two joint ventures that it has formed
with BBC Worldwide Limited, which operate several subscription television
channels, and to Discovery Europe, Animal Planet Europe, Discovery Home and
Leisure (formerly The Learning Channel) and HSN Direct International Limited.
For its management and consultancy services, Flextech receives a management fee
and, in some cases, a percentage of the programming company's gross revenues.
Flextech also holds interests in programming production and distribution
companies and a terrestrial broadcast network. Flextech's ordinary shares trade
on the London Stock Exchange under the symbol "FLXT."

     Terms of Ownership. Liberty Media Group has the right to appoint two
members of Flextech's board of directors for so long as it owns at least 25% of
Flextech's ordinary shares. In addition, the appointment of some of Flextech's
senior executive officers, including its managing director and its chief
executive, requires Liberty Media Group's approval.

     Liberty Media Group has undertaken to Flextech and BBC Worldwide Limited
that it will not, subject to certain exceptions, acquire an interest in excess
of 20% in any entity that competes with certain of the channels of the two
joint ventures that Flextech has formed with BBC Worldwide Limited. The
non-compete will terminate on March 31, 2007 or, if earlier, at such time as
Liberty Media Group's contingent funding obligation to the joint ventures
terminates or Liberty Media Group owns not more than 10% of the ordinary shares
of Flextech.

     On March 7, 2000, Telewest offered to acquire Flextech at a purchase price
of approximately Pounds Sterling 2.76 billion. Pursuant to the offer by
Telewest, each share of Flextech would be exchanged for 3.78 new Telewest
shares. Liberty Media Group owns approximately a 37% equity interest in
Flextech and a 22% equity interest in Telewest. See "-Communications-Telewest
Communications plc" below. The proposed acquisition is subject to approval of
the shareholders of Telewest, acceptance of the offer by the shareholders of
Flextech and certain other conditions. Liberty Media Group, as a shareholder of
Flextech, has agreed to tender its Flextech shares, subject to certain
conditions. Otherwise, Liberty Media Group has agreed with Telewest not to
dispose of any of Liberty Media Group's interest in Flextech through March 31,
2000. Liberty Media Group, MediaOne and Microsoft as shareholders of
approximately 51% of Telewest, in the aggregate, have agreed to vote in favor
of resolutions put to Telewest shareholders in connection with the offer to the
extent applicable law and stock exchange rules permit them to do so. Because of
Liberty Media Group's holdings, the Listing Rules of the London Stock Exchange
require a separate vote by Telewest's shareholders, excluding Liberty Media
Group, to approve Telewest's acquisition of Liberty Media Group's interests in
Flextech in the merger. MediaOne and Microsoft have agreed to vote in favor of
this acquisition.

<PAGE>

     THE NEWS CORPORATION LIMITED

     New Corp. is a diversified international communications company
principally engaged in:

- -    the production and distribution of motion pictures and television
     programming;

- -    television, satellite and cable broadcasting;

- -    publication of newspapers, magazines and books;

- -    production and distribution of promotional and advertising products and
     services;

- -    development of digital broadcasting;

- -    development of conditional access and subscriber management systems; and

- -    the provision of computer information services.

News Corp.'s operations are located in the United States, Canada, the United
Kingdom, Australia, Latin America and the Pacific Basin. News Corp's preferred
limited voting ordinary shares trade on the Australian Stock Exchange under the
symbol "NCPDP," and are represented on the NYSE by ADRs under the symbol
"NWS.A."

     In July 1999, Liberty Media Group sold to News Corp. its 50% interest in
their jointly owned Fox/Liberty Networks sports programming venture, in
exchange for 51.8 million News Corp. ADRs representing preferred limited voting
ordinary shares of News Corp., valued at approximately $1.425 billion, or
approximately $27.52 per ADR. In a related transaction, Liberty Media Group
acquired from News Corp. 28.1 million additional ADRs representing preferred
limited voting ordinary shares of News Corp. for approximately $695 million, or
approximately $24.74 per ADR. As a result of these transactions and subsequent
open market purchases, as of March 1, 2000, Liberty Media Group owned
approximately 81.7 million ADRs representing preferred limited voting ordinary
shares of News Corp. or approximately 8% of News Corp.'s ordinary shares, on a
fully diluted basis.

     Liberty Media Group's involvement in sports programming originated in 1988
when TCI began to pursue a strategy of creating regional sports networks. In
April 1996, Liberty Media Group and New Corp. formed Fox/Liberty Networks, a
joint venture to hold Liberty Media Group's national and regional sports
networks and News Corp.'s FX, a general entertainment network which also
carries various sporting events. Also in 1996, Liberty Media Group and News
Corp. formed an alliance to hold  their respective international sports
interests (the "International Interests"). These include Fox Sports World
Espanol, a Spanish language sports network, distributed in  the United States
and Latin America, as well as Fox Sports Americas (Latin America) and Fox
Sports Middle East. As part of their agreement relating to the acquisition by
News Corp. of Liberty Media Group's interest in Fox/Liberty Networks, Liberty
Media Group and News Corp. agreed that, during a specified period following the
second anniversary of the closing date of this transactions, each will have the
right to cause News Corp. to acquire and Liberty Media Group to sell to News

<PAGE>

Corp. the International interests in exchange for News Corp. ADRs with an
aggregate value at April 1, 1999 of approximately $100 million plus an
additional number of ADRs representing the aggregate number of News Corp.
shares which could have been purchased by reinvesting in ADRs each cash
dividend declared on such number of shares between the closing of the sale of
Liberty Media Group's interest in Fox/Liberty Networks and the sale  of the
International Interests. Between the closing of the sale of Liberty Media
Group's interest in Fox/Liberty Networks and the sale of the International
Interests, Liberty Media Group has further agreed to make capital contributions
in respect of the International Interests in the amount of $100 million, as and
when requested by News Corp.

     Terms of Ownership. In connection with the acquisition by News Corp. of
Liberty Media Group's interest in Fox/Liberty Networks, certain agreements were
entered into regarding Liberty Media Group's ability to transfer News Corp.
shares and other matters. Under these agreements, the ADRs and the underlying
News Corp. shares issued to Liberty Media Group are subject to a lock-up of
either two years (as to 51.8 million ADRs) or nine months (as to 28.1 million
ADRs), subject to certain exceptions. Liberty Media Group is entitled to
certain registration rights with respect to its News Corp. shares. In addition,
Liberty Media Group has agreed that it will not engage, directly or indirectly,
in any sports programming service in the United States and its territories
(excluding Puerto Rico) or in Canada, subject to certain exceptions, until July
2004.

     QVC INC.

     QVC Inc. is one of the two largest home shopping companies in the United
States. QVC markets and sells a wide variety of consumer products and
accessories primarily by means of televised shopping programs on the QVC
network and via the Internet through iQVC. QVC also operates shopping networks
in Germany, the United Kingdom and Ireland. QVC purchases, or obtains on
consignment, products from domestic and foreign manufacturers and wholesalers,
often on favorable terms based on the volume of the transactions. QVC does not
depend upon any one particular supplier for any significant portion of its
inventory.

     QVC distributes its television programs, via satellite, to affiliated
video program distributors for transmission to subscribers. In return for
carrying QVC, each domestic programming distributor receives an allocated
portion, based upon market share, of up to 5% of the net sales of merchandise
sold to customers located in the programming distributor's service area.

     Terms of Ownership. Liberty Media Group owns approximately 43% of QVC, and
Comcast owns the remaining 57%. QVC is managed on a day-to-day basis by Comcast
and Comcast has the right to appoint all of the members of the QVC board of
directors. Liberty Media Group's interests are represented by two members on
QVC's five-member management committee.  Generally, QVC's management committee
votes on every matter submitted, or required to be submitted, to a vote of the
QVC board, and Liberty Media Group and Comcast are required to use their best
efforts to cause QVC to follow the direction of any resolution of the
management committee. Liberty Media Group also has veto rights with respect to
certain fundamental actions proposed to be taken by QVC.

     Liberty Media Group has been granted a tag-along right that will apply if
Comcast proposes to transfer control of QVC and Comcast may require Liberty

<PAGE>

Media Group to sell its QVC stock as part of the transaction, under certain
circumstances and subject to certain conditions. In addition, under certain
circumstances, Liberty Media Group has the right to initiate a put/call
procedure with Comcast in respect of Liberty Media Group's interest in QVC.

     Liberty Media Group and Comcast have certain mutual rights of first
refusal and mutual rights to purchase the other party's QVC stock following
certain events, including change of control events affecting them. Both also
have registration rights.

     TIME WARNER, INC.

     Time Warner is one of the largest media and entertainment companies in
the world. Time Warner classifies its business interests into four fundamental
areas:

- -    Cable Networks, consisting principally of interests in cable television
     programming, including the following networks: CNN, Cartoon Network,
     Headline News, TNT, Turner Classic Movies, TBS Superstation, CNNfn, HBO,
     Cinemax, Comedy Central and TVKO;

- -    Publishing, consisting principally of interests in magazine publishing,
     book publishing and direct marketing;

- -    Entertainment, consisting principally of interests in filmed entertainment,
     television production, television broadcasting, recorded music and music
     publishing; and

- -    Cable, consisting principally of interests in cable television systems
     which, as of December 31, 1999, reached approximately 12.6 million
     subscribers.

Time Warner's common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol "TWX."

     In connection with the 1996 Turner Broadcasting System/Time Warner merger,
Time Warner, Turner Broadcasting System, TCI and Liberty Media Group entered
into an Agreement Containing Consent Order (the "FTC Consent Decree") with the
Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"). The FTC Consent Decree effectively prohibits
Liberty Media Group and its affiliates from owning voting securities of Time
Warner other than securities that have limited voting rights. Pursuant to the
FTC Consent Decree, among other things, Liberty Media Group agreed to exchange
the shares of Time Warner common stock it was to receive in the Turner
Broadcasting System/Time Warner merger for shares of a separate series of Time
Warner common stock with limited voting rights designated as Series LMCN-V
Common Stock. The Series LMCN-V Common Stock entitles the holder to one
one-hundredth (1/100th) of a vote for each share with respect to the election of
directors. Liberty Media Group holds approximately 114 million shares of such
stock, which represent less than 1% of the voting power of Time Warner's
outstanding common stock. The Series LMCN-V Common Stock is not transferable,
except in limited circumstances, and is not listed on any securities exchange.
Each share of the Series LMCN-V Common Stock is convertible at Liberty Media
Group's option into one share of ordinary Time Warner common stock, at any time
when such conversion would not violate the federal communications laws, subject
to the FTC Consent Decree, and is mandatorily convertible into ordinary Time
Warner common stock upon transfer to a non-affiliate of Liberty Media Group.
Further, while shares of ordinary Time Warner common stock are redeemable by

<PAGE>

action of the Time Warner board of directors under certain circumstances, to the
extent necessary to prevent the loss of certain types of governmental licenses
or franchises, shares of Series LMCN-V Common Stock are not redeemable under
these circumstances.

         On January 10, 2000, Time Warner and America Online, Inc. announced
that they had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger relating to the
combination of their businesses. Pursuant to this Agreement and Plan of Merger,
Time Warner and America Online would each merge with, and become wholly-owned
subsidiaries of, a newly-formed holding company called "AOL Time Warner Inc."
According to publicly available information, in this transaction each share of
Series LMCN-V Common Stock of Time Warner held by Liberty Media Group would be
converted into 1.5 shares of a new Series LMCN-V Common Stock of AOL Time Warner
Inc. These securities of AOL Time Warner Inc. would have substantially the same
terms as the Series LMCN-V Common Stock of Time Warner currently held by Liberty
Media Group. This transaction is subject to several conditions, including the
approval of Time Warner's and America Online's stockholders, as well as
regulatory approvals.

         TV GUIDE, INC.

         TV Guide, Inc., formerly named United Video Satellite Group, Inc., is a
media and communications company that provides print, passive and interactive
program listings guides to households, distributes programming to cable
television systems and direct-to-home satellite providers, and markets
satellite-delivered programming to C-band satellite dish owners. TV Guide's
Class A common stock trades on the National Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol "TVGIA."

- -        TV Guide is organized into three primary business units:

- -        TV Guide Magazine Group,

- -        TV Guide Entertainment Group, and

- -        United Video Group.

The TV Guide Magazine Group publishes and distributes TV Guide magazine, the
most widely circulated paid weekly magazine in the United States, to households
and newsstands. In addition, the TV Guide Magazine Group provides customized
monthly television programming guides for cable and satellite operators. The TV
Guide Entertainment Group supplies satellite-delivered on-screen program
promotion and guide services, including TV Guide Channel and Sneak Prevue, to
cable television systems and other multi-channel video programming distributors,
both nationally and internationally. The TV Guide Entertainment Group also
offers interactive television technology that allows television viewers to
retrieve on demand continuously updated program guide information through their
cable television systems and provides TV Guide Online, an Internet-based program
listings guide. The United Video Group provides direct-to-home satellite
services, satellite distribution of video entertainment services, software
development and systems integration services and satellite transmission services
for private networks. This group owns TV Guide's 80% interest in
Superstar/Netlink Group LLC, which markets satellite entertainment programming
packages to C-band satellite dish owners in the United States. Its retail
subscriber base was approximately one million at December 31, 1999. In November

<PAGE>

1999, TV Guide announced an exclusive direct broadcast satellite marketing
alliance agreement with EchoStar to convert the existing and inactive C-band
customers of Superstar/Netlink to the high power (small satellite dish) DISH
Network Service. Under the conversion process, EchoStar will compensate
Superstar/Netlink Group on a per subscriber base, both upon successful
conversion and with residual payments over time. The United Video Group also
markets and distributes three independent superstations -- WGN (Chicago), KTLA
(Los Angeles) and WPIX (New York) -- and six Denver-based broadcast television
stations to cable television systems and other multi-channel video programming
distributors, and offers programming packages to satellite master antenna
television systems.

         TV Guide is jointly controlled by Liberty Media Group and News Corp.,
with each owning approximately 44% of its equity and 49% of its voting power.
Liberty Media Group's interest in TV Guide began in January 1996 when TCI
acquired a controlling interest in Untied Video Satellite Group, Inc. ("UVSG"),
a provider of satellite-delivered video, audio, data and program promotion
services to cable television systems, satellite dish owners, radio stations and
private network users primarily throughout North America. In January 1998, TCI
increased its equity interest in UVSG to approximately 73% and its voting
interest to approximately 93%. On March 1, 1999, UVSG acquired Liberty Media
Group's 40% interest in Superstar/Netlink Group and its 100% interest in Netlink
USA, which uplinks the signals of six Denver-based broadcast television
stations, in exchange for shares of UVSG common stock. On the same date, UVSG
acquired News Corp.'s TV Guide properties in exchange for cash and shares of
UVSG common stock. By combining UVSG's passive and interactive electronic
program listing guides with TV Guide's well-recognized magazine and brand name,
UVSG became a leading provider of program listing guides. Following this
transaction, UVSG changed its name to TV Guide, Inc.

         In October 1999, TV Guide announced that it had entered into a
definitive merger agreement with Gemstar International Group Limited, pursuant
to which TV Guide would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Gemstar. Under the
merger agreement, TV Guide shareholders would receive 0.6573 shares of Gemstar
common stock for each share of TV Guide common stock. TV Guide shareholders
would, in the aggregate, receive approximately 45% of the fully diluted shares
of the combined company. Consummation of the transaction is subject to limited
conditions, including approval by the shareholders of each company (which was
received on March 17, 2000) and the satisfaction of regulatory requirements. It
is anticipated that the transaction will close in the first half of 2000. Upon
consummation of the transaction, the company is expected to be renamed TV Guide
International Inc. and the board of directors will be expanded to twelve
members, of which 6 members will be persons designated by the board of directors
of TV Guide prior to the merger.

         Gemstar develops, markets and licenses proprietary technologies and
systems that simplify and enhance consumers' interaction with electronics
products and other platforms that deliver video, programming information and
other data. Gemstar seeks to have its technologies widely licensed, incorporated
and accepted as the technologies and systems of choice by

- -        consumer electronics manufacturers,

- -        service providers such as owners or operators of cable systems,
         telephone networks, Internet service providers, direct broadcast
         satellite providers, wireless systems and other multi-channel video
         programming distributors,

- -        software developers and

- -        consumers.
<PAGE>
         Gemstar's first proprietary system, VCR Plus+, was introduced in 1990
and is widely accepted as an industry standard for programming VCRs. VCR Plus+
enables consumers to record a television program by entering a number -- the
PlusCode number -- into a VCR or television equipped with the VCR Plus+
technology. Gemstar is also a leading provider of interactive program guide
services, which allow a user to view a television program guide on screen,
obtain details about a program, sort programs by themes or categories, and
select programs for tuning or recording through the remote control. Gemstar's
common stock trades on the National Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market under
the symbol "GMST."

         Terms of Ownership. Pursuant to a stockholders agreement between
Liberty Media Group and News Corp., each of them is entitled to designate one
director to the ten-member TV Guide board for each 12.5% of the outstanding
shares of TV Guide Class B common stock owned by such party, with the remaining
directors being designated by the TV Guide board. So long as Liberty Media Group
or News Corp., as the case may be, is entitled to designate at least one
director to TV Guide's board of directors, the other party is subject to certain
restrictions on its ability to sell any of its shares of TV Guide common stock
or to convert any of its shares of TV Guide Class B common stock (10 votes per
share) into shares of TV Guide Class A common stock (one vote per share) unless
it first offers to sell the stock to the other party. In addition, Liberty Media
Group and News Corp. have mutual rights of first refusal, tag-along rights on
transfers of significant interests and registration rights. Liberty Media Group
and News Corp. have further agreed that, for so long as they both are entitled
to appoint at least one of TV Guide's directors, TV Guide will be the exclusive
vehicle through which they will each conduct program guide businesses worldwide,
subject to certain limited exceptions.

         USA NETWORKS, INC.

         USA Networks, through its subsidiaries, is a diversified media and
electronic commerce company that is engaged in seven principal areas of
business:

- -        Networks and Television Production, which operates USA Network, a
         general entertainment basic cable television network, Sci-Fi Channel,
         which features science fiction, horror, fantasy and science-fact
         oriented programming, and Studios USA, which produces and distributes
         television programming;

- -        Electronic Retailing, which primarily consists of Home Shopping Network
         and America's Store, which are engaged in the electronic retailing
         business;

- -        Broadcasting, which owns and operates television stations;

- -        Ticketing Operations, which includes Ticketmaster, the leading provider
         of automated ticketing services in the United States, and
         Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster's exclusive agent for online ticket
         sales;

- -        Hotel Reservations, consisting of Hotel Reservations Network, a leading
         consolidator of hotel rooms for resale in the consumer market in the
         United States;

- -        Internet Services, which includes the Internet Shopping Network, USA
         Networks' online retailing networks business and local city guide
         business; and

- -        Filmed Entertainment, which primarily represents USA Networks' domestic
         theatrical film distribution and production businesses.

<PAGE>

USA Networks' common stock trades on the National Market tier of The Nasdaq
Stock Market under the symbol "USAI."

         Liberty Media Group's interest in USA Networks consists of shares of
USA Networks common stock held by Liberty Media Group and its subsidiaries,
shares of USA Networks common stock held by certain entities in which Liberty
Media Group has an equity interest but only limited voting rights, and
securities of certain subsidiaries of USA Networks which are exchangeable for
shares of USA Networks common stock. Assuming the exchange of these securities
and the conversion or exchange of certain securities owned by Universal Studios,
Inc. ("Universal") and certain of its affiliates for USA Networks common stock,
Liberty Media Group and Universal would own approximately 21% and 45%,
respectively, of USA Networks. In general, until the occurrence of certain
events and with the exception of certain negative controls, Mr. Barry Diller has
voting power over Liberty Media Group's interest in USA Networks, as more fully
described below.

         Terms of Ownership. USA Networks, Universal, Liberty Media Group and
Mr. Diller have entered into several agreements involving governance matters
relating to USA Networks and stockholder arrangements. With respect to
governance matters, Mr. Diller generally has full authority to operate the
day-to-day business affairs of USA Networks and has an irrevocable proxy over
all USA Networks securities owned by Universal, Liberty Media Group and certain
of their affiliates for all matters except for certain fundamental changes.
However, each of Liberty Media Group, Universal and Mr. Diller has veto rights
with respect to certain fundamental changes relating to USA Networks and its
subsidiaries (including USANi LLC, which was formed to hold USA Networks'
non-broadcast businesses). If Mr. Diller and Universal agree to certain
fundamental changes that Liberty Media Group does not agree to, Universal will
be entitled to purchase Liberty Media Group's entire equity interest in USA
Networks, subject to certain conditions, at a price determined by an independent
appraiser taking into account a number of agreed upon factors.

         Pursuant to FCC law and regulations, Liberty Media Group is not
currently permitted to have a designee on the board of directors of USA
Networks. However, at such time as Liberty Media Group is no longer subject to
such prohibition, Liberty Media Group will have the right to designate up to two
directors if its stock ownership in USA Networks remains at certain levels.
Liberty Media Group currently has the right to designate up to two directors to
the USANi LLC board and will continue to have that right for so long as it is
not permitted to designate directors of USA Networks and continues to maintain
certain ownership levels.

         Each of Universal and Liberty Media Group has a preemptive right with
respect to future issuances of USA Network's capital stock, subject to certain
limitations. Liberty Media Group has agreed to certain limitations on increases
in its percentage of ownership of USA Networks. Also, Liberty Media Group has
agreed not to propose to the board of directors of USA Networks the acquisition
by Liberty Media Group of the outstanding USA Networks securities or to
otherwise influence the management of USA Networks, including by proposing or
supporting certain transactions relating to USA Networks that are not supported
by USA Networks' board of directors.

         Liberty Media Group is subject to a number of agreements that limit or
control its ability to transfer its USA Network securities. As long as Mr.
Diller is Chief Executive Officer of USA Networks, Liberty Media Group generally

<PAGE>

cannot transfer shares of USA Networks stock prior to August 24, 2000, subject
to certain exceptions. Each of Universal and Mr. Diller has a right of first
refusal with respect to certain sales of USA Networks securities by the other
party. Liberty Media Group's rights in this regard are secondary to any
Universal right of refusal on transfers by Mr. Diller. Each of Liberty Media
Group and Mr. Diller also generally has a right of first refusal with respect to
certain transfers by the other party and tag-along sale rights on certain sales
of USA Networks stock by the transferring stockholder and in the event Universal
transfers a substantial amount of its USA Networks stock. Liberty Media Group,
Universal and Mr. Diller are each entitled to registration rights relating to
their USA Networks securities and have agreed to certain put and call
arrangements, pursuant to which one party has the right to sell (or the other
party has the right to acquire) shares of USA Networks stock held by another
party, at a price determined by an independent appraiser taking into account a
number of agreed upon factors.

         COMMUNICATIONS

         Cable television systems deliver multiple channels of television
programming to subscribers who pay a monthly fee for the service. Video, audio
and data signals are received over-the-air or via satellite delivery by
antennas, microwave relay stations and satellite earth stations and are
modulated, amplified and distributed over a network of coaxial and fiber optic
cable to the subscribers' television sets. Cable television providers in most
markets are currently upgrading their cable systems to deliver new technologies,
products and services to their customers. These upgraded systems allow cable
operators to expand channel offerings, add new digital video services, offer
high-speed data services and, where permitted, provide telephony services. The
implementation of digital technology significantly enhances the quantity and
quality of channel offerings, allows the cable operator to offer
video-on-demand, additional pay-per-view offerings, premium services and
incremental niche programming. Upgraded systems also enable cable networks to
transmit data and gain access to the Internet at significantly faster speeds, up
to 100 times faster, than data can be transmitted over conventional dial-up
connections. Lastly, cable providers have been developing the capability to
provide telephony services to residential and commercial users at rates well
below those offered by incumbent telephone providers.

         Telephony providers offer local, long distance, switched services,
private line and advanced networking features to customers who pay a monthly fee
for the service, generally based on usage. Wireless telecommunications networks
use a variety of radio frequencies to transmit voice and data in place of, or in
addition to, standard landline telephone networks. Wireless telecommunications
technologies include two-way radio applications, such as cellular, personal
communications services, specialized mobile radio and enhanced specialized
mobile radio networks, and one-way radio applications, such as paging services.
Each application operates within a distinct radio frequency block. As a result
of advances in digital technology, digital-based wireless system operators are
able to offer enhanced services, such as integrated voicemail, enhanced
custom-calling and short-messaging, high-speed data transmissions to and from
computers, advanced paging services, facsimile services and Internet access
service. Wireless subscribers generally are charged for service activation,
monthly access, air time, long distance calls and custom-calling features.
Wireless system operators pay fees to local exchange companies for access to
their networks and toll charges based on standard or negotiated rates. When

<PAGE>

wireless operators provide service to roamers from other systems, they generally
charge roamer air time usage rates, which usually are higher than standard air
time usage rates for their own subscribers, and additionally may charge daily
access fees.

         LIBERTY CABLEVISION OF PUERTO RICO, INC.

         Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico, Inc. is one of the largest
providers of cable television services in Puerto Rico. It owns and operates
cable television franchises, serving the communities of Luquillo, Arecibo,
Florida, Caguas, Humacao, Cayey and Barranquitas.

         On September 21, 1998, hurricane Georges struck Puerto Rico and caused
considerable property damage to the area in general, including Liberty
Cablevision of Puerto Rico's cable television systems. However, all of Liberty
Cablevision of Puerto Rico's systems have been rebuilt, and as of December 31,
1999, all of its pre-hurricane basic customers were receiving cable television
services.

         As of December 31, 1999, approximately 85% of Liberty Cablevision of
Puerto Rico's network had been rebuilt utilizing 550 MHz bandwidth capacity,
with the remainder consisting of 450 MHz. At December 31, 1999, Liberty
Cablevision of Puerto Rico operated from five headends, and provided subscribers
with 63 channels.

         A significant portion of Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico's cable
network consists of fiber-optic and coaxial cable. This infrastructure allows
Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico to offer enhanced entertainment, information
and telecommunications services and, when and to the extent permitted by law,
cable telephony services. Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico currently offers
its subscribers pay-per-view events and premium movies and as it introduces new
revenue generating products and services, such as interactive services, Liberty
Cablevision of Puerto Rico expects to aggressively market those products and
services to its subscribers in areas with sufficient bandwidth capacity. Liberty
Cablevision of Puerto Rico expects to begin offering high speed data
transmission services and Internet access using high speed cable modems to its
subscribers during the first half of 2001.

         SPRINT PCS GROUP

         Sprint Corporation operates the only 100% digital PCS wireless network
in the United States with licenses to provide service nationwide utilizing a
single frequency band and a single technology. Sprint owns licenses to provide
service to the entire United States population, including Puerto Rico and the
U.S. Virgin Islands. At December 31, 1999, Sprint, together with certain
affiliates, operated PCS systems in the majority of the metropolitan areas in
the U.S. At that date, Sprint served more than 4,000 cities and communities and
had approximately 5.7 million customers. Sprint attributes this business and its
assets to Sprint's "Sprint PCS Group." The Sprint PCS stock is a tracking stock
intended to reflect the performance of the Sprint PCS Group.
The Sprint PCS stock-Series 1 trades on the NYSE under the symbol "PCS."

         On October 5, 1999, Sprint announced that it had entered into a
definitive merger agreement with MCI WorldCom, Inc. Under the merger agreement,
each share of Sprint's FON common stock would be exchanged for $76.00 of MCI

<PAGE>

WorldCom common stock, subject to a collar, and each share of Sprint PCS
stock-Series 1, Sprint PCS stock-Series 2 and Sprint PCS stock-Series 3 would be
exchanged for one share of a new MCI WorldCom PCS tracking stock of the
corresponding series and 0.116025 shares of MCI WorldCom common stock. The terms
of each series of MCI WorldCom PCS tracking stock would be equivalent to those
of the corresponding Sprint security and would track the performance of the PCS
business of the surviving company. The merger would be tax free to stockholders
of Sprint and accounted for as a purchase. Consummation of the merger is subject
to the approvals of the stockholders of Sprint and MCI WorldCom as well as
customary regulatory approvals. Upon consummation of the merger, the company is
expected to be renamed WorldCom and its board of directors is to have 16
members, 10 from MCI WorldCom and 6 from Sprint.

         Liberty Media Group owns approximately 23% (on a fully diluted basis)
of the Sprint PCS stock through its ownership of shares of Sprint PCS
stock-Series 2 and certain warrants and shares of convertible preferred stock
exercisable for or convertible into these shares.

         Liberty Media Group's interest in the business that makes up the Sprint
PCS Group began in 1994 when TCI, Comcast Corporation, Cox Communications, Inc.
and Sprint Corporation determined to engage in the wireless communications
business through a series of limited partnerships known collectively as "Sprint
PCS." In November 1998, Sprint Corporation assumed ownership and management
control of Sprint PCS. In exchange for its approximate 30% limited partnership
interest in Sprint PCS, TCI received shares of limited-voting Sprint PCS
stock-Series 2, shares of Sprint PCS convertible preferred stock and warrants to
purchase shares of Sprint PCS stock-Series 2.

         Pursuant to a final judgment agreed to by TCI, AT&T and the United
States Department of Justice in connection with the AT&T merger, all of the
Sprint securities held by TCI were deposited into a trust with an independent
trustee. Liberty Media Group holds trust certificates evidencing its beneficial
interest in the assets of the trust. The final judgment, which was entered by
the United States District Court for the District of Columbia on August 23,
1999, requires the trustee, on or before May 23, 2002, to dispose of a portion
of the Sprint securities held by the trust sufficient to cause Liberty Media
Group to own beneficially no more than 10% of the Sprint PCS stock that would be
outstanding on a fully diluted basis on such date. On or before May 23, 2004,
the trustee is required to divest the remainder of the Sprint securities held by
the trust.

         The trust agreement grants the trustee the sole right to sell the
Sprint securities beneficially owned by Liberty Media Group and provides that
all decisions regarding such divestiture will be made by the trustee without
discussion or consultation with AT&T or Liberty Media Group; however, the
trustee is required to consult with the board of directors of Liberty Media
Group (other than AT&T representatives and John C. Malone) regarding such
divestiture. The trustee has the power and authority to accomplish such
divestiture only in a manner reasonably calculated to maximize the value of the
Sprint securities beneficially owned by Liberty Media Group.

         The trust agreement provides for the trustee to vote the Sprint
securities beneficially owned by Liberty Media Group in the same proportion as
other holders of Sprint PCS stock so long as such securities are held by the
trust. The final judgment also prohibits the acquisition by Liberty Media Group
of additional Sprint securities without the prior written consent of the
Department of Justice, subject to limited exceptions.

<PAGE>

         Terms of Ownership. Liberty Media Group was granted registration rights
with respect to its Sprint PCS holdings. These registration rights are currently
exercisable by the trustee. If Liberty Media Group's shares of Sprint PCS
stock-Series 2 are transferred, the transferred shares become shares of full
voting Sprint PCS stock-Series 1.

         TELEWEST COMMUNICATIONS PLC

         Telewest is a leading provider of cable television and residential and
business cable telephony services in the United Kingdom. Telewest provides cable
television services over a broadband network and uses its network, together with
twisted-pair copper wire connections for final delivery to the customer
premises, to provide telephony services to its customers. The broadband network
enables Telewest to deliver a wide variety of both television and telephony
services to its customers and to provide customers with a wide range of
interactive and integrated entertainment, telecommunications and information
services as they become more widely available in the future. Telewest has
installed its own telephone switches, which permits it to minimize fees
otherwise charged by public telephone companies and to offer a variety of
value-added services without relying on public telephone operators for
implementation. Telewest also offers home access to the Internet in all of its
franchises. Telewest's ordinary shares trade on the London Stock Exchange under
the symbol "TWT.L," and are represented by ADRs in the United States, where they
trade on the National Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol
"TWSTY."

         Telewest owns and operates 41 cable franchises. As of December 31,
1999, these owned and operated franchises covered approximately 34% of the homes
in the United Kingdom in areas for which cable franchises have been awarded. At
that date, these franchises together included approximately 6.1 million homes
and over 400,000 businesses. As of December 31, 1999, the network in these
franchises passed approximately 4.7 million homes (approximately 4.4 million of
which had been passed and marketed) and Telewest had approximately 1.2 million
cable television customers, 1.6 million residential telephone lines and 306,000
business telephone lines. According to Telewest, approximately 62% of its
customers subscribe for both cable television and cable telephony services.

         Ownership Interest. Liberty Media Group owns approximately a 22%
interest in Telewest through a limited liability company, which is 50% owned by
Liberty Media Group and 50% owned by MediaOne Group, Inc. MediaOne owns an
approximately 22% interest in Telewest through the limited liability company. In
addition, MediaOne owns an approximately 7% interest in Telewest outside the
limited liability company.

         Terms of Ownership. Liberty Media Group and MediaOne have been granted
preemptive rights on share issuances by Telewest which enable them to
collectively maintain a majority of the voting rights in Telewest. Liberty Media
Group and MediaOne have agreements with respect to the voting of shares of
Telewest beneficially owned by them and the manner in which they will cause
their designees to the Telewest board of directors to vote. In general, Liberty
Media Group and MediaOne have agreed that, on any matter requiring shareholder
approval, they will vote their Telewest shares together in such manner as may be
agreed by them. As a result, Liberty Media Group and MediaOne together generally
will be able to influence materially the outcome of any matter requiring
shareholder approval. In addition, each of Liberty Media Group and MediaOne has

<PAGE>

veto rights with respect to certain fundamental matters affecting Telewest for
so long as each holds 15% or more of the outstanding Telewest ordinary shares.
Further, for so long as each of them beneficially owns at least 15% of the
outstanding Telewest ordinary shares, each is entitled to appoint two members to
the 10-member Telewest board of directors, and they have agreed that on any
matter requiring board approval, they will cause the directors designated by
them to vote together as agreed by them.

         Each of Liberty Media Group and MediaOne has agreed that any proposed
transfer of its Telewest shares will be subject to rights of first refusal in
favor of the other party, in each case subject to certain exceptions. In
addition, each of Liberty Media Group and MediaOne has the right to trigger a
put/call procedure in the event the other is deemed to undergo a change of
control.

         Each of Liberty Media Group and MediaOne has agreed with Telewest,
subject to certain exceptions, not to acquire interests in other cable
television or cable telephony companies in the United Kingdom, and Telewest has
agreed to certain restrictions on its ability to engage in businesses in the
United Kingdom outside of cable television, cable telephony and wireless
telephony.

         In May 1999, as part of a series of agreements entered into with AT&T
in connection with AT&T's proposed acquisition of MediaOne, Microsoft
Corporation agreed to purchase MediaOne's interest in Telewest through a
tax-free exchange of Microsoft shares, subject to certain conditions, including
receipt of the consent of Liberty Media Group and the closing of the proposed
business combination between AT&T and MediaOne. It is expected that if this
purchase is completed, Microsoft will succeed to all of MediaOne's rights and
obligations set forth above, subject to certain modifications agreed to in
connection with the Telewest offer for Flextech.

         On March 7, 2000, Telewest offered to acquire Flextech at a purchase
price of approximately (pound sterling)2.76 billion. Pursuant to the offer by
Telewest, each share of Flextech would be exchanged for 3.78 new Telewest
shares. Liberty Media Group owns approximately a 37% equity interest in Flextech
and a 22% equity interest in Telewest. The proposed acquisition is subject to
approval of the shareholders of Telewest, acceptance of the offer by the
shareholders of Flextech and certain other conditions. Liberty Media Group, as a
shareholder of Flextech, has agreed to tender its Flextech shares, subject to
certain conditions. Otherwise, Liberty Media Group has agreed with Telewest not
to dispose of any of Liberty Media Group's interest in Flextech through March
31, 2000. Liberty Media Group, MediaOne and Microsoft as shareholders of
approximately 51% of Telewest, in the aggregate, have agreed to vote in favor of
resolutions put to Telewet shareholders in connection with the offer to the
extent applicable law and stock exchange rules permit them to do so. Because of
Liberty Media Group's holdings, the Listing Rules of the London Stock Exchange
require a separate vote by Telewest's shareholders, excluding Liberty Media
Group, to approve Telewest's acquisition of Liberty Media Group's interests in
Flextech in the merger. MediaOne and Microsoft have agreed to vote in favor of
this acquisition.

<PAGE>
         TELIGENT, INC.

         Teligent, Inc. is a full-service, facilities-based communications
company which offers small and medium-sized business customers local and long
distance telephony, high-speed data and Internet access services over Teligent's
SmartWave(TM) local networks. The SmartWave(TM) local networks integrate
advanced fixed wireless technologies with traditional broadband wireline
technology. Teligent"s digital wireless technology provides many of the
advantages of fiber and can transport information within the network at up to
155 Megabits per second via a point-to-point radio. Teligent currently offers
commercial service using its SmartWave(TM) local networks in 40 major market
areas that comprise more than 580 cities and towns with a combined population of
more than 100 million.

         INTERNET SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY


         LIBERTY DIGITAL, INC.

         Liberty Digital, Inc. (formerly named TCI Music, Inc.) is a diversified
new media company with investments in Internet content and interactive
television businesses, as well as music services delivered to commercial and
residential customers via cable, satellite, the Internet and other platforms.
Liberty Digital's series A common stock trades on the National Market tier of
The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol "LDIG."

         As of March 1, 2000, the assets of Liberty Digital consisted primarily
of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Liberty
                                             Digital's
                                             Ownership
                 Entity                          %                                Business
- ------------------------------------       ------------   -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>
   AT&T Access Agreement                    N/A           Certain programming rights with respect to AT&T's cable
                                                          systems

   ACTV, Inc.
   (Nasdaq: IATV)                               12%(1)    Producer of tools for interactive programming for
                                                          television and Internet platforms

   BET.com                                       5%       Web site with content directed towards African Americans

   CarsDirect.com, Inc.                          1%       Online car retailer

   DMX, LLC.                                   100%       Programs, markets and distributes the premium digital
                                                          audio service, Digital Music Express

   Drugstore.com, Inc.
   (Nasdaq: DSCM)                                1%       Online pharmacy and sundries

   HomeGrocer.com, Inc.                          1%       Online grocery store
   (Nasdaq: HOMG)

   iBeam Broadcasting Corporation                8%       Satellite delivery of streaming media from programmers to
<PAGE>                                                          Internet service providers

   iFilm, Inc.                                   1%       Metamediary for making, distributing and consuming film
                                                          entertainment

   Interactive Pictures                          4%       Interactive photographic technology for the Internet
        Corporation
     (Nasdaq: IPIX)

   iVillage, Inc.                                3%       Internet and on-line provider of branded communications
   (Nasdaq: IVIL)                                         and information services for adult women

   Kaleidoscope Interactive, LLC                50%       Online provider of information and services related to
                                                          health concerns and disabilities
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Liberty
                                             Digital's
                                             Ownership
                 Entity                          %                                Business
- -----------------------------------------    ---------    -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>          <C>
   Kaleidoscope Network, Inc.                   12%       24-hour cable network that provides video programming
                                                          related to health concerns and disabilities

   KPCB Java Fund, L.P.                          6%       Investor in Java application development

   Lifescape, LLC                               15%       Online provider of information concerning substance
                                                          abuse, addictions and health problems

   The Lightspan Partnership, Inc.             11%        Developer of educational programming
   (Nasdaq:LSPN)

   MedScholar Digital Network, LLC              50%       Provider of continuous medical education services to
                                                          healthcare professionals

   MTVN Online L.P.                             10%       Online music venture with MTV Networks

   netLibrary, Inc.                              2%       Electronic library

   Online Retail Partners                       21%       Creates e-commerce partnerships with brick-and-mortar
                                                          retailers

   OpenTV Inc.                                   4%       Provider of software to enable interactive television
   (Nasdaq:OPTV)

   OrderTrust, Inc.                              9%       Provider of total order life cycle management services

   OurHouse.com                                  3%       Ace Hardware co-branded vertical portal for online home
                                                          improvement products, services and information

   pogo.com, Inc.                               19%       Online game service targeting family Internet game players
   priceline.com Incorporated
   (Nasdaq: PCLN)                               2%        E-commerce service allowing consumers to make offers on
                                                          products and services

<PAGE>

   Quokka Sports, Inc.
   (Nasdaq: QKKA)                               3%        Internet provider of live digital sports entertainment

   Replay TV, Inc.                              1%(2)     Producer of technology that allows customers to customize
                                                          television viewing

   Sportsline USA, Inc.
   (Nasdaq: SPLN)                               3%        Internet provider of branded interactive sports
                                                          information, programming and merchandise

   TiVo Inc.
   (Nasdaq: TIVO)                               1%        Producer of technology that allows customers to customize
                                                          television viewing

   UGO Networks, Inc.                           4%        Online provider of underground entertainment news and
                                                          video games
</TABLE>

   (1)   Liberty Digital also holds warrants to purchase additional shares of
         ACTV, Inc. common stock, which it may exercise over a period of one to
         five years. Exercise of these warrants would increase Liberty Digital's
         ownership to approximately 25%.

   (2)   Discovery, Starz Encore and TV Guide each owns an additional 1% of
         Replay.

         An approximately 94% interest in Liberty Digital is attributed to the
Liberty Media Group.

         Liberty Media Group's interest in Liberty Digital began in 1997 when
TCI Music was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of TCI for the purpose of
entering into a business combination with DMX, LLC. DMX currently programs,
markets and distributes the premium digital audio music service, known as
Digital Music Express to more than 29 million subscribers in the United States.
In December 1997, TCI Music acquired The Box Worldwide, Inc., which programs and
distributes a subscriber selected music video television programming service to
cable and broadcast television systems via satellite delivery, and SonicNet,
Inc., a leading Internet music network consisting of a group of music web sites.
TCI Music acquired The Box to serve as the platform for music video and acquired
SonicNet to provide music-related content to DMX and The Box and to position
itself to take advantage of developments in music distribution through the
Internet.

         In July 1999, TCI Music entered into a joint venture with MTV Networks,
a division of Viacom, Inc., to form and operate an online music venture, MTVN
Online L.P. As part of that transaction, TCI Music contributed to MTVN Online
substantially all of the assets and businesses of The Box and SonicNet, subject
to certain exceptions. In return, TCI Music received a 10% interest in MTVN
Online. In connection with this transaction, TCI Music and Liberty Media Group
each agreed not to compete with MTVN Online in its online music video business
until July 15, 2000 or in the music video business generally until July 15,
2004, subject to certain exceptions.

         In September 1999, TCI Music and Liberty Media Group completed a
transaction pursuant to which Liberty Media Group and certain of its affiliates
contributed to TCI Music substantially all of their respective Internet content

<PAGE>

and interactive television assets, certain rights with respect to access to AT&T
cable systems for the provision of interactive video services, and a combination
of cash and notes receivable equal to $150 million, in exchange for preferred
and common stock of TCI Music. Following this transaction, TCI Music changed its
name to Liberty Digital, Inc. In addition, Liberty Media Group adopted a policy
that Liberty Digital would be its primary (but not exclusive) vehicle to pursue
corporate opportunities relating to interactive programming and interactive
content related services in the United States and Canada, subject to certain
exceptions.

         MOTOROLA, INC. (SUCCESSOR TO GENERAL INSTRUMENT CORPORATION)

         Liberty Media Group's interest in Motorola, Inc. derives from its
former interest in General Instrument Corporation. GI merged with Motorola on
January 5, 2000. Prior to its merger with Motorola, General Instrument
Corporation was a leading worldwide provider of integrated and interactive
broadband access solutions and, with its strategic partners and customers, GI
sought to advance the convergence of the Internet, telecommunications and video
entertainment industries. To that end, GI made products that allow video, voice
and data to be delivered over cable, digital satellite and telephony networks.
GI was a leading supplier of digital and analog set-top terminals and systems
for wired and wireless cable television networks, as well as hybrid
fiber/coaxial network transmission systems used by cable television operators.
GI also provided digital satellite television systems for programmers,
direct-to-home satellite networks and private networks for business
communications. Through its limited partnership interest in Next Level
Communications L.P., GI provided next-generation broadband access solutions for
local telephone companies. GI also had audio and Internet/data-delivery systems
among its product lines.

         In the Motorola merger, each share of GI common stock was exchanged for
0.575 shares of Motorola common stock. In connection with the merger, Liberty
Media Group entered into an agreement with Motorola, pursuant to which Liberty
Media Group agreed to vote its shares of GI common stock in favor of the
transaction and Motorola granted to Liberty Media Group certain registration
rights with respect to the shares of Motorola common stock acquired by Liberty
Media Group in the merger. Immediately following the merger, GI stockholders
owned approximately 17% of Motorola.

         Motorola is a global leader in providing integrated communications
solutions and embedded electronic solutions. These include:

    -    software-enhanced wireless telephone, two-way radio, messaging and
         satellite communications products and systems, as well as networking
         and Internet access products, for consumers, network operators, and
         commercial, government and industrial customers,

    -    embedded semiconductor solutions for customers in networking,
         transportation, wireless communications and imaging and entertainment
         markets, and

    -    embedded electronic systems for automotive, communications, imaging,
         manufacturing systems, computer and consumer markets.

Motorola's common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol "MOT."

<PAGE>

         Liberty Media Group currently holds common stock representing a 2.5%
interest in Motorola, excluding vested warrants to purchase common stock in
Motorola. Liberty Media Group also holds warrants to purchase approximately 12.3
million additional shares of Motorola common stock at $24.78 per share. The
warrants vest at specified dates, with the number of warrants vesting on each
such date relating to the number of advanced digital set-top terminals purchased
by AT&T and certain of its affiliates. If the warrants do not vest on the
specified date, the warrants will terminate. If any warrants terminate solely
because AT&T fails to purchase the required number of advanced digital set-top
terminals, AT&T will pay to Liberty Media Group an amount equal to $14.35 for
each warrant terminated, adjusted as appropriate for any changes in the
capitalization of Motorola. Warrants to purchase 6.1 million shares are
currently vested, and assuming Liberty Media Group's exercise of such vested
warrants, its ownership interest in Motorola would increase to 3.3%.

         Liberty Media Group's relationship with GI began in December 1997 when
National Digital Television Center, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of TCI
("NDTC"), entered into an agreement with GI to purchase advanced digital set-top
terminals. In connection with NDTC's purchase commitment, GI granted the
warrants specified above. In July 1998, TCI acquired 21.4 million restricted
shares of GI common stock in exchange for:

    -    certain of the assets of NDTC's set-top authorization business,

    -    the license of certain related software to GI,

    -    a $50 million promissory note from TCI to GI and

    -    a nine year revenue guarantee from TCI in favor of GI.

In connection with the AT&T merger, the shares of GI common stock and the note
payable were contributed to Liberty Media Group. In April 1999, Liberty Media
Group acquired an additional 10 million shares of GI from Forstmann Little & Co.
for $280 million. This purchase by Liberty Media Group increased Liberty Media
Group's ownership in GI to approximately 21% and made Liberty Media Group the
largest stockholder of GI.

REGULATORY MATTERS

         DOMESTIC PROGRAMMING

         In the United States, the FCC regulates the providers of satellite
communications services and facilities for the transmission of programming
services, the cable television systems that carry such services, and, to some
extent, the availability of the programming services themselves through its
regulation of program licensing. Cable television systems in the United States
are also regulated by municipalities or other state and local government
authorities. Cable television companies are currently subject to federal rate
regulation on the provision of basic service, and continued rate regulation or
other franchise conditions could place downward pressure on the fees cable
television companies are willing or able to pay for programming services in
which Liberty Media Group has interests and regulatory carriage requirements
could adversely affect the number of channels available to carry the programming
services in which we have an interest.

<PAGE>

         Regulation of Program Licensing. The Cable Television Consumer
Protection and Competition Act of 1992 (the "1992 Cable Act") directed the FCC
to promulgate regulations regarding the sale and acquisition of cable
programming between multi-channel video programming distributors (including
cable operators) and satellite-delivered programming services in which a cable
operator has an attributable interest. The legislation and the implementing
regulations adopted by the FCC preclude virtually all exclusive programming
contracts between cable operators and satellite programmers affiliated with any
cable operator (unless the FCC first determines the contract serves the public
interest) and generally prohibit a cable operator that has an attributable
interest in a satellite programmer from improperly influencing the terms and
conditions of sale to unaffiliated multi-channel video programming distributors.
Further, the 1992 Cable Act requires that such affiliated programmers make their
programming services available to cable operators and competing multi-channel
video programming distributors such as multi-channel multi-point distribution
systems and direct broadcast satellite distributors on terms and conditions that
do not unfairly discriminate among distributors. The Telecommunications Act of
1996 has extended these rules to programming services in which telephone
companies and other common carriers have attributable ownership interests. The
FCC revised its program licensing rules, by implementing a damages remedy in
situations where the defendant knowingly violates the regulations and by
establishing a timeline for the resolution of such complaints, among other
things.

         Regulation of Carriage of Programming. Under the 1992 Cable Act, the
FCC has adopted regulations prohibiting cable operators from requiring a
financial interest in a programming service as a condition to carriage of such
service, coercing exclusive rights in a programming service or favoring
affiliated programmers so as to restrain unreasonably the ability of
unaffiliated programmers to compete.

         Regulation of Ownership. The 1992 Cable Act required the FCC, among
other things, (a) to prescribe rules and regulations establishing reasonable
limits on the number of channels on a cable system that will be allowed to carry
programming in which the owner of such cable system has an attributable interest
and (b) to consider the necessity and appropriateness of imposing limitations on
the degree to which multi-channel video programming distributors (including
cable operators) may engage in the creation or production of video programming.
In 1993, the FCC adopted regulations limiting carriage by a cable operator of
national programming services in which that operator holds an attributable
interest to 40% of the first 75 activated channels on each of the cable
operator's systems. The rules provide for the use of two additional channels or
a 45% limit, whichever is greater, provided that the additional channels carry
minority-controlled programming services. The regulations also grandfather
existing carriage arrangements that exceed the channel limits, but require new
channel capacity to be devoted to unaffiliated programming services until the
system achieves compliance with the regulations. These channel occupancy limits
apply only up to 75 activated channels on the cable system, and the rules do not
apply to local or regional programming services. These rules may limit carriage
of the programming companies in which Liberty Media Group has interests on
certain systems of affiliated cable operators. In the same rulemaking, the FCC
concluded that additional restrictions on the ability of multi-channel
distributors to engage in the creation or production of video programming were
then unwarranted.

<PAGE>

         The FCC's rules also generally prohibit common ownership of a cable
system and broadcast television stations or multichannel multi-point
distribution systems ("MMDS") with overlapping service areas. In August 1999,
the FCC revised the attribution standards, which are used to implement these
ownership rules, and adopted new attribution standards based upon a combination
of equity, debt and other indicia of influence. The new attribution criteria
could limit Liberty Media Group's ability to engage in certain transactions
involving broadcast stations and MMDS systems. The ownership attribution
standards used to enforce other rules, including the horizontal cable system
ownership, channel occupancy limits, program access and program carriage rules,
also were revised in October 1999.

         Regulation of Carriage of Broadcast Stations. The 1992 Cable Act
granted broadcasters a choice of must carry rights or retransmission consent
rights. The rules adopted by the FCC generally provided for mandatory carriage
by cable systems of all local full-power commercial television broadcast signals
selecting must carry rights and, depending on a cable system's channel capacity,
non-commercial television broadcast signals. Such statutorily mandated carriage
of broadcast stations coupled with the provisions of the Cable Communications
Policy Act of 1984, which require cable television systems with 36 or more
"activated" channels to reserve a percentage of such channels for commercial use
by unaffiliated third parties and permit franchise authorities to require the
cable operator to provide channel capacity, equipment and facilities for public,
educational and government access channels, could adversely affect some or
substantially all of the programming companies in which Liberty Media Group has
interests by limiting the carriage of such services in cable systems with
limited channel capacity. The FCC recently initiated a proceeding asking to what
extent cable operators must carry all digital signals transmitted by
broadcasters. The imposition of such additional must carry regulation, in
conjunction with the current limited cable system channel capacity, would make
it likely that cable operators will be forced to drop cable programming
services, which may have an adverse impact on the programming companies in which
Liberty Media Group has interests.

         Closed Captioning and Video Description Regulation. The
Telecommunications Act of 1996 also required the FCC to establish rules and an
implementation schedule to ensure that video programming is fully accessible to
the hearing impaired through closed captioning. The rules adopted by the FCC
will require substantial closed captioning over an eight to ten year phase-in
period with only limited exemptions. As a result, the programming companies in
which Liberty Media Group has interests are expected to incur significant
additional costs for closed captioning. In November 1999, the FCC also issued a
notice of proposed rulemaking that would require certain broadcasters and the
largest national video programming services to begin to provide audio
descriptions of visual events for the visually impaired on the secondary audio
program. Depending upon the final requirements of any rule, increased costs for
programmers may result.

         Copyright Regulation. Satellite carriers, such as TV Guide's UVTV
division, retransmit the broadcast signals of "superstations," such as KWGN and
WGN, and of network stations to home satellite dish owners for private home
viewing under statutory license pursuant to the Satellite Home Viewer Act of
1994 (the "SHV Act"). The Intellectual Property and Communications Omnibus
Reform Act of 1999 ("IPCORA"), enacted into law in November 1999, extends the
SHV Act license until December 31, 2004. Under the SHV Act, satellite carriers
previously paid a monthly fee of 27 cents per subscriber for the secondary

<PAGE>

transmission of distant superstations and distant network stations. However,
IPCORA has decreased the royalty fee for distant superstations by 30% and
distant network stations by 45%. To the extent that satellite carriers transmit
superstation or network station signals to cable operators, such cable operators
pay the copyright fee under the separate compulsory license. Satellite carriers
may only distribute the signals of network broadcast stations, as distinguished
from superstations, to "unserved households" that are outside the Grade B
contours of a station affiliated with such network. IPCORA requires the FCC to
conduct a number of rulemaking proceedings that may ultimately subject
superstations and distant network stations delivered by satellite directly to
dish owners to new program exclusivity rules (similar to those imposed on cable
operators), including syndicated exclusivity, network non-duplication and sports
blackout rules. The FCC also will commence rule makings to review the signal
strength measurement and subscriber eligibility standards. The new legislation
provides a copyright liability moratorium for all satellite carriers
distributing distant network signals to existing (as of October 31, 1999) and
recently terminated (after July 1, 1998) subscribers who are within Grade B
contours of local network affiliates. Moreover, the entire C-band satellite
industry is exempt from all restrictions on delivering distant network signals
to subscribers who received C-band service before October 31, 1999. IPCORA and
rulemakings, exemptions, and regulatory requirements adopted under it will
substantially impact the C-band and DBS industry, potentially affecting the
economics of uplinking and distributing distant network stations and
superstations to dish owners. A subsidiary of TV Guide entered into an agreement
with the National Association of Broadcasters, the ABC, CBS, FOX and NBC
networks, their affiliate associations, and several hundred broadcast stations
to identify by zip code those geographic areas which are "unserved" by network
affiliated stations in May 1998. With the passage of IPCORA, that subsidiary has
opted to discontinue that agreement. The broadcasters have, however, objected to
such termination and have asserted claims for liquidated damages and other
damages as a result of the failure to terminate distant network signal
subscribers during the period from September, 1999 through the passage of IPCORA
and the termination of the agreement.

         Satellites and Uplink. In general, authorization from the FCC must be
obtained for the construction and operation of a communications satellite. The
FCC authorizes utilization of satellite orbital slots assigned to the United
States by the World Administrative Radio Conference. Such slots are finite in
number, thus limiting the number of carriers that can provide satellite
transponders and the number of transponders available for transmission of
programming services. At present, however, there are numerous competing
satellite service providers that make transponders available for video services
to the cable industry.

         Proposed Changes in Regulation. The regulation of programming services,
cable television systems, satellite carriers and television stations is subject
to the political process and has been in constant flux over the past decade.
Further material changes in the law and regulatory requirements must be
anticipated and there can be no assurance that Liberty Media Group's business
will not be adversely affected by future legislation, new regulation or
deregulation.

         DOMESTIC TELEPHONY

         The FCC regulates the licensing, construction, operation, acquisition,
resale and interconnection arrangements of domestic wireless telecommunications
systems. The activities of wireless service providers, such as the Sprint PCS

<PAGE>

Group, are subject to regulation in varying degrees, depending on the
jurisdiction, by state and local regulatory agencies as well. The FCC, in
conjunction with the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration, also regulates tower
marking and lighting, and FCC environmental rules may cause certain PCS network
facilities to become subject to regulation under the National Environmental
Policy Act and the National Historic Preservation Act.

         INTERNATIONAL CABLE, TELEPHONY AND PROGRAMMING

         Some of the foreign countries in which Liberty Media Group has, or
proposes to make, an investment regulate, in varying degrees, (a) the granting
of cable and telephony franchises, the construction of cable and telephony
systems and the operations of cable, other multi-channel television operators
and telephony operators and service providers, as well as the acquisition of,
and foreign investments in, such operators and service providers, and (b) the
distribution and content of programming and Internet services and foreign
investment in programming companies. Regulations or laws may cover wireline and
wireless telephony, satellite and cable communications and Internet services,
among others. Regulations or laws that exist at the time Liberty Media Group
makes an investment in a foreign subsidiary or business affiliate may thereafter
change, and there can be no assurance that material and adverse changes in the
regulation of the services provided by Liberty Media Group's subsidiaries and
business affiliates will not occur in the future. Regulation can take the form
of price controls, service requirements and programming and other content
restrictions, among others. Moreover, some countries do not issue exclusive
licenses to provide multi-channel television services within a geographic area,
and in those instances Liberty Media Group may be adversely affected by an
overbuild by one or more competing cable operators. In certain countries where
multi-channel television is less developed, there is minimal regulation of cable
television, and, hence, the protections of the cable operator's investment
available in the United States and other countries (such as rights to renewal of
franchises and utility pole attachment) may not be available in these countries.

         INTERNET SERVICES

         The Internet companies in which we have interests are subject, both
directly and indirectly, to various laws and governmental regulations relating
to their respective businesses. There are currently few laws or regulations
directly applicable to access to or commerce on commercial online services or
the Internet. For example, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, enacted into
law in 1998, protects certain qualifying online service providers from copyright
infringement liability, the Internet Tax Freedom Act, also enacted in 1998,
placed a three year moratorium on new state and local taxes on Internet access
and commerce, and under the Communications Decency Act, an Internet service
provider will not be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information
provided by another information content provider. However, due to the increasing
popularity and use of commercial online services and the Internet, it is
possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted with respect to
commercial online services and the Internet. Such laws and regulations may cover
issues such as user privacy, defamatory speech, copyright infringement, pricing
and characteristics and quality of products and services. The adoption of such
laws or regulations in the future may slow the growth of commercial online
services and the Internet, which could in turn cause a decline in the demand for
the services and products of the Internet companies in which we have interests
and increase such companies' costs of doing business or otherwise have an
adverse effect on their businesses, operating results and financial conditions.

<PAGE>

Moreover, the applicability to commercial online services and the Internet of
existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, personal
privacy and taxation is uncertain and could expose these companies to
substantial liability.

         BROADCASTERS

         Liberty Media Group also has nonattributable minority ownership
interests in group owners of broadcast television and radio stations. The FCC
extensively regulates the ownership and operation of such stations through a
variety of rules.

COMPETITION

         Programming. The business of distributing programming for cable and
satellite television is highly competitive, both in the United States and in
foreign countries. The programming companies in which we have interests directly
compete with other programmers for distribution on a limited number of channels.
Once distribution is obtained, our programming services and our business
affiliates' programming services compete, in varying degrees, for viewers and
advertisers with other cable and off-air broadcast television programming
services as well as with other entertainment media, including home video
(generally video rentals), pay-per-view services, online activities, movies and
other forms of news, information and entertainment. The programming companies in
which we have interests also compete, to varying degrees, for creative talent
and programming content. Our management believes that important competitive
factors include the prices charged for programming, the quantity, quality and
variety of the programming offered and the effectiveness of marketing efforts.
In addition, HSN and QVC operate in direct competition with businesses that are
engaged in retail merchandising.

         Communications. The cable television systems and other forms of media
distribution in which we have interests directly compete for viewer attention
and subscriptions in local markets with other providers of entertainment, news
and information, including other cable television systems in those countries
that do not grant exclusive franchises, broadcast television stations,
direct-to-home satellite companies, satellite master antenna television systems,
multi-channel multi-point distribution systems and telephone companies, other
sources of video programs (such as videocassettes) and additional sources for
entertainment news and information, including the Internet. Cable television
systems also face strong competition from all media for advertising dollars. Our
management believes that important competitive factors include fees charged for
basic and premium services, the quantity, quality and variety of the programming
offered, the quality of signal reception, customer service and the effectiveness
of marketing efforts.

         In addition, there is substantial competition in the domestic wireless
telecommunications industry, and it is expected that such competition will
intensify as a result of the entrance of new competitors and the increasing pace
of development of new technologies, products and services. Each of the markets
in which the Sprint PCS Group competes is served by other two-way wireless
service providers, including cellular and PCS operators and resellers. A
majority of the markets will have five or more commercial mobile radio service
providers and each of the top 50 metropolitan markets have at least one other
PCS competitor in addition to two cellular incumbents. Many of these competitors
have been operating for a number of years and currently service a significant
subscriber base.

<PAGE>

         Internet Services and Technology. The markets for Internet services,
online content and products are relatively new, intensely competitive and
rapidly changing. Since the Internet's commercialization in the early 1990's,
the number of Internet companies and web sites competing for consumers'
attention and spending has proliferated with no substantial barriers to entry,
and we expect that competition will continue to intensify in the future. The
Internet companies and web sites in which we have interests compete, directly
and indirectly, for members, visitors, advertisers, content providers and
merchandise sales with many categories of companies, including:

    -    other Internet companies and web sites targeted to the respective
         audiences of the Internet companies and web sites in which we have
         interests;

    -    publishers and distributors of traditional off-line media (such as
         television, radio and print), including those targeted to the
         respective audiences of the Internet companies and web sites in which
         we have interests, many of which have made, or may in the future make,
         significant acquisitions of or investments in Internet companies and/or
         have established, or may in the future establish, web sites;

    -    general purpose consumer online services such as America Online and
         Microsoft Network, each of which provides access to content and
         services targeted to the respective audiences of the Internet companies
         and web sites in which we have interests;

    -    vendors of information, merchandise, products and services distributed
         through other means, including retail stores, mail, facsimile and
         private bulletin board services; and

    -    web search and retrieval services and other high-traffic web sites.

Liberty Media Group anticipates that the number of such competitors will
increase in the future.

         The technology companies in which we have interests compete with a
substantial number of foreign and domestic companies, and the rapid
technological changes occurring in such companies' markets are expected to lead
to the entry of new competitors. The ability of the technology companies in
which we have interests to anticipate technological changes and introduce
enhanced products on a timely basis will be a significant factor in their
ability to expand and remain competitive. Existing competitors' actions and new
entrants may have an adverse impact on these companies' sales and profitability.

<PAGE>

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
AT&T Corp.:

We have audited the accompanying combined balance sheets of Liberty Media Group
(a combination of certain assets of AT&T Corp., as defined in note 1) ("New
Liberty" or "Successor") as of December 31, 1999, and of Liberty Media Group (a
combination of certain assets of Tele-Communications, Inc., as defined in note
1) ("Old Liberty" or "Predecessor") as of December 31, 1998, and the related
combined statements of operations and comprehensive earnings, combined equity,
and cash flows for the periods from March 1, 1999 to December 31, 1999
(Successor period) and from January 1, 1999 to February 28, 1999 and for each of
the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 1998 (Predecessor periods).
These combined financial statements are the responsibility of management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these combined financial statements
based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

The combined financial statements of Liberty Media Group are presented for
purposes of additional analysis of the consolidated financial statements of AT&T
Corp. As more fully described in note 1, the combined financial statements of
Liberty Media Group are intended to reflect the performance of the businesses of
AT&T Corp., that produce, acquire and distribute entertainment, educational and
informational programming services. The combined financial statements of Liberty
Media Group should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements of AT&T Corp.

In our opinion, the aforementioned Successor combined financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of New Liberty
as of December 31, 1999, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for the Successor period, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles. Further, in our opinion, the aforementioned Predecessor combined
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Old Liberty as of December 31, 1998, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the Predecessor periods, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in note 1, effective March 9, 1999, AT&T Corp., the owner of the
assets comprising New Liberty, acquired Tele-Communications, Inc., the owner of
the assets comprising Old Liberty, in a business combination accounted for as a
purchase. As a result of the acquisition, the combined financial information for
the periods after the acquisition is presented on a different cost basis than
that for the periods before the acquisition and, therefore, is not comparable.


                                            KPMG LLP



Denver, Colorado
February 29, 2000

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

                             COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS

                           December 31, 1999 and 1998

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 New Liberty          Old Liberty
                                                                                    1999                 1998
                                                                            -------------------       -----------
                                                                                             (note 2)
                                                                                        amounts in millions
<S>                                                                         <C>                       <C>
Assets
Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                           $ 1,714               407
     Short-term investments                                                                  378               124
     Trade and other receivables, net                                                        134               185
     Prepaid expenses and committed program rights                                           406               263
     Deferred income tax assets                                                              750               216
     Other current assets                                                                      5                21
                                                                                         -------            ------
         Total current assets                                                              3,387             1,216
                                                                                         -------            ------
Investments in affiliates, accounted for under the equity method, and
     related receivables (note 6)                                                         15,922             3,079
Investments in available-for-sale securities and others (note 7)
                                                                                          28,601            14,383
Property and equipment, at cost                                                              162               935
     Less accumulated depreciation                                                            19               350
                                                                                         -------            ------
                                                                                             143               585
                                                                                         -------            ------
Intangible assets:
     Excess cost over acquired net assets                                                  9,973             1,030
     Franchise costs                                                                         273               109
                                                                                         -------            ------
                                                                                          10,246             1,139
         Less accumulated amortization                                                       454               164
                                                                                         -------            ------
                                                                                           9,792               975
                                                                                         -------            ------
Other assets, at cost, net of accumulated amortization                                       839               326
                                                                                         -------            ------
         Total assets                                                                    $58,684            20,564
                                                                                         =======            ======
</TABLE>
                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

                             COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS
                           December 31, 1999 and 1998

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   New Liberty        Old Liberty
                                                                                        1999               1998
                                                                                  ---------------      -----------
                                                                                           (note 2)
                                                                                      amounts in millions
<S>                                                                               <C>                  <C>
Liabilities and Combined Equity
Current liabilities:
     Accounts payable                                                                    $    44                78
     Accrued liabilities                                                                     201               204
     Accrued stock compensation                                                            2,405               126
     Program rights payable                                                                  166               156
     Customer prepayments                                                                     --               134
     Current portion of debt                                                                 554               578
                                                                                         -------            ------
         Total current liabilities                                                         3,370             1,276
                                                                                         -------            ------
Long-term debt (note 11)                                                                   2,723             2,318
Deferred income tax liabilities (note 12)                                                 14,107             4,674
Other liabilities                                                                             23               423
                                                                                         -------            ------
         Total liabilities                                                                20,223             8,691
                                                                                         -------            ------
Minority interests in equity of attributed subsidiaries (notes 8 and 9)                        1               545
Obligation to redeem common stock                                                             --                17
Combined equity (note 13):
     Combined equity                                                                      31,876             6,896
     Accumulated other comprehensive earnings, net of taxes (note 14)                      6,557             3,718
                                                                                         -------            ------
                                                                                          38,433            10,614
     Due to related parties                                                                   27               697
                                                                                         -------               ---
         Total combined equity                                                            38,460            11,311
                                                                                         -------            ------
Commitments and contingencies (note 15)
         Total liabilities and combined equity                                           $58,684            20,564
                                                                                         =======            ======
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements.

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

          COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  New Liberty                Old Liberty
                                                                --------------   -------------------------------------
                                                                   Ten months     Two months
                                                                     ended          ended             Years ended
                                                                  December 31,    February 28,        December 31,
                                                                      1999          1999           1998        1997
                                                                --------------    ------------   --------   ----------
                                                                                 amounts in millions
                                                                                       (note 2)
<S>                                                             <C>               <C>           <C>          <C>
     Unaffiliated parties                                            $   549           239         1,301         1,104
     Related parties (note 13)                                           180            43           258           195
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
                                                                         729           282         1,559         1,299
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
Operating costs and expenses:
     Operating                                                           343           136           882           682
     Selling, general and administrative                                 229            89           427           348
     Charges from related parties (note 13)                               24             2            28            75
     Cost of distribution agreements (note 10)                            --            --            50            --
     Stock compensation                                                1,785           183           518           296
     Depreciation and amortization                                       562            47           243           196
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
                                                                       2,943           457         2,148         1,597
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
         Operating loss                                               (2,214)         (175)         (589)         (298)
Other income (expense):
     Interest expense                                                   (287)          (27)         (116)          (57)
     Interest expense to related parties, net (note 13)                   (1)           (1)          (10)          (12)
     Dividend and interest income                                        243            12           100            57
     Share of losses of affiliates, net (note 6)                        (904)          (66)       (1,034)         (850)
     Minority interests in losses of attributed subsidiaries              46             4           102            25
     Gains on dispositions, net (notes 6 and 7)                            3            14         4,738           420
     Gains on issuance of equity by affiliates and subsidiaries
        (notes 6, 8 and 10)                                               --           389           357           172
     Other, net                                                           (5)           --             6             2
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
                                                                        (905)          325         4,143          (243)
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
        Earnings (loss) before income taxes                           (3,119)          150         3,554          (541)
Income tax benefit (expense) (note 12)                                 1,097          (209)       (1,397)          130
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
        Net earnings (loss)                                          $(2,022)          (59)        2,157          (411)
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
<PAGE>

Other comprehensive earnings, net of taxes:
     Foreign currency translation adjustments                             60           (15)            3           (22)
     Unrealized holding gains arising during the period, net of
        reclassification adjustments                                   6,497           971         2,947           749
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
     Other comprehensive earnings (loss)                               6,557           956         2,950           727
                                                                     -------       -------       -------       -------
Comprehensive earnings (note 14)                                     $ 4,535           897         5,107           316
                                                                     =======       =======       =======       =======
Basic and diluted loss per share (note 4):
     Loss attributable to common stockholders                        $(2,022)
                                                                     =======
     Basic and diluted loss per share attributable to common
        stockholders                                                 $ (1.61)
                                                                     =======
     Weighted average common shares                                    1,259
                                                                     =======
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements.

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

                          COMBINED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
                  Years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Accumulated
                                                                                      other         Due to
                                                                                  comprehensive     (from)        Total
                                                                      Combined      earnings,       related      combined
                                                                       equity      net of tax       parties      equity
                                                                      ---------   -------------     -------      --------
                                                                                          amounts in millions
<S>                                                                   <C>         <C>             <C>          <C>
Balance at January 1, 1997                                              $ 5,038            41          (134)        4,945
   Net loss                                                                (411)           --            --          (411)
   Foreign currency translation adjustments                                  --           (22)           --           (22)
   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities                         --           749            --           749
   Contribution to combined equity for issuance of common stock
     to TCI Employee Stock Purchase Plan
                                                                              2            --            --             2
   Repurchase of common stock                                              (625)           --            --          (625)
   Excess of consideration paid over carryover basis of net assets
     acquired from related party (note 9)                                  (219)           --            --          (219)
   Gain in connection with issuance of stock of affiliate (note 6)           66            --            --            66
   Issuance of stock by attributed subsidiary                                19            --            --            19
   Issuance of common stock (note 8)                                         30            --            --            30
   Excess of cash received over carryover basis of SUMMITrak
     Assets                                                                  30            --            --            30
   Other transfers from related parties, net                                 81            --           664           745
                                                                        -------       -------       -------       -------
Balance at December 31, 1997                                              4,011           768           530         5,309
   Net earnings                                                           2,157            --            --         2,157
   Foreign currency translation adjustments                                  --             3            --             3
   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities                         --         2,947            --         2,947
   Payments for call agreements                                            (140)           --            --          (140)
   Repurchase of common stock                                               (30)           --            --           (30)
   Premium received in connection with put obligation                         2            --            --             2
   Reclassification of redemption amount of common stock
     subject to put obligation                                              (17)           --            --           (17)
   Gain in connection with issuance of stock of affiliates and
     attributed subsidiaries (note 6)                                        70            --            --            70
   Issuance of common stock (note 8)                                        777            --            (5)          772
   Transfer of net liabilities to related party                              50            --            --            50
   Assignment of option contract from related party                          16            --           (16)           --
   Other transfers from related parties, net                                 --            --           188           188
                                                                        -------       -------       -------       -------
Balance at December 31, 1998                                              6,896         3,718           697        11,311
   Net loss                                                                 (59)           --            --           (59)
   Foreign currency translation adjustments                                  --           (15)           --           (15)
   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities                         --           971            --           971
   Reversal of reclassification of redemption amount of common
     stock subject to put obligation                                          8            --            --             8
   Transfer of net liabilities to related party, net of taxes                99            --            --            99

<PAGE>

   Excess paid on settlement of preferred stock conversion                  (18)           --            --           (18)
   Other transfers to  related parties, net                                  --            --           (24)          (24)
                                                                        -------       -------       -------       -------
Balance at February 28, 1999                                            $ 6,926         4,674           673        12,273
                                                                        =======       =======       =======       =======
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


                          COMBINED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY

                  Years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Accumulated
                                                                                             other          Due to
                                                                                          comprehensive     (from)          Total
                                                                               Combined      earnings,      related        combined
                                                                                equity      net of tax      parties         equity
                                                                               --------   -------------     -------        --------
                                                                                              amounts in millions
<S>                                                                            <C>        <C>               <C>            <C>
Balance at February 28, 1999                                                   $  6,926          4,674           673         12,273
                                                                               ========       ========      ========       ========
Balance at March 1, 1999                                                         33,515             --           197         33,712
   Net loss                                                                      (2,022)            --            --         (2,022)
   Foreign currency translation adjustments                                          --             60            --             60
   Recognition of previously unrealized losses on
     available-for-sale securities, net                                              --              7            --              7
   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities                                 --          6,490            --          6,490
   AT&T Liberty Media Group Tracking Stock issued for
     conversion of debentures (note 11)                                             354             --            --            354
   Reversal of reclassification of redemption amount of common
     stock subject to put obligation                                                  9             --            --              9
   Gain in connection with the issuance of common stock of affiliates and
     attributed subsidiaries (note 9)                                               108             --            --            108
   Utilization of net operating losses of Liberty Media Group
     by AT&T (note 12)                                                              (88)            --            --            (88)
   Other transfers to related parties, net                                           --             --          (170)          (170)
                                                                               --------       --------      --------       --------
Balance at December 31, 1999                                                   $ 31,876          6,557            27         38,460
                                                                               ========       ========      ========       ========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements.

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

                        COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            New Liberty              Old Liberty
                                                                            ------------   ----------------------------------
                                                                             Ten months    Two months
                                                                               ended          ended            Years ended
                                                                            December 31,   February 28,        December 31,
                                                                                1999           1999         1998         1997
                                                                            ------------   ------------     ----         ----
                                                                                                  amounts in millions
Cash flows from operating activities:                                                                (note 5)
<S>                                                                         <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>
     Net earnings (loss)                                                       $(2,022)          (59)        2,157          (411)
     Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash
        provided (used) by operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                                              562            47           243           196
        Stock compensation                                                       1,785           183           518           296
        Payments of stock compensation                                            (111)         (126)          (58)          (75)
        Share of losses of affiliates, net                                         904            66         1,034           850
        Deferred income tax (benefit) expense                                   (1,025)          205         1,393            16
        Intergroup tax allocation                                                  (75)           --            (2)         (159)
        Cash payment from AT&T pursuant to tax sharing agreement                     1            --            --            --
        Minority interests in losses of attributed subsidiaries                    (46)           (4)         (102)          (25)
        Gains on issuance of equity by affiliates and subsidiaries                  --          (389)         (357)         (172)
        Gains on disposition of assets, net                                         (3)          (14)       (4,738)         (420)
        Noncash interest                                                           153            --            --            --
        Other noncash charges                                                        3             9            55            32
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of the effect of
           acquisitions and dispositions:
        Change in receivables                                                        7           (19)          (49)            9
        Change in prepaid expenses and committed program rights                   (119)          (10)          (39)           (3)
        Change in payables, accruals and customer prepayments                      119             4            11            38
                                                                               -------       -------       -------       -------
             Net cash provided (used) by operating activities
                                                                                   133          (107)           66           172
                                                                               -------       -------       -------       -------
Cash flows from investing activities:
     Cash paid for acquisitions                                                   (109)           --           (92)          (41)
     Capital expended for property and equipment                                   (40)          (21)         (144)         (168)
     Cash balances of deconsolidated subsidiaries                                   --           (53)           --           (39)
     Investments in and loans to affiliates and others                          (2,596)          (45)       (1,404)         (683)
     Purchases of marketable securities                                         (7,757)         (132)         (124)           --
     Sales and maturities of marketable securities                               5,725            34            --            --
     Return of capital from affiliates                                               7            --            12             5
     Collections on loans to affiliates and others                                  --            --            --           133
     Cash proceeds from dispositions                                               130            43           423           302
     Other, net                                                                    (18)           (9)          (29)           (6)
                                                                               -------       -------       -------       -------
             Net cash used by investing activities                              (4,658)         (183)       (1,358)         (497)
                                                                               -------       -------       -------       -------
<PAGE>

Cash flows from financing activities:
     Borrowings of debt                                                          3,187           156         2,428           667
     Repayments of debt                                                         (2,211)         (148)         (622)         (348)
     Net proceeds from issuance of stock by subsidiaries                           123            --            75           148
     Payments for call agreements                                                   --            --          (140)           --
     Cash transfers (to) from related parties                                     (159)          132          (216)          310
     Repurchase of common stock                                                     --            --           (30)         (625)
     Repurchase of stock of subsidiaries                                            --           (45)          (24)          (42)
     Other, net                                                                    (20)           (1)            4            (5)
                                                                               -------       -------       -------       -------
             Net cash provided by financing activities                             920            94         1,475           105
                                                                               -------       -------       -------       -------
                Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents            (3,605)         (196)          183          (220)
                Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                   5,319           407           224           444
                                                                               -------       -------       -------       -------
                Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                       $ 1,714           211           407           224
                                                                               =======       =======       =======       =======
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements.

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

                        December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997

(1)      Basis of Presentation

         The accompanying combined financial statements include the accounts of
         the subsidiaries and assets of AT&T Corp. ("AT&T") that are attributed
         to Liberty Media Group, as defined below. On March 9, 1999, AT&T
         acquired Tele-Communications, Inc. ("TCI"), the former owner of the
         assets attributed to Liberty Media Group, in a merger transaction (the
         "AT&T Merger"). See note 2. The AT&T Merger has been accounted for
         using the purchase method. Accordingly, Liberty Media Group's assets
         and liabilities have been recorded at their respective fair market
         values therefore, creating a new cost basis. For financial reporting
         purposes the AT&T Merger and related restructuring transactions
         described in note 2 are deemed to have occurred on March 1, 1999.
         Accordingly, for periods prior to March 1, 1999 the assets and
         liabilities attributed to Liberty Media Group and the related combined
         financial statements are sometimes referred to herein as "Old Liberty",
         and for periods subsequent to February 28, 1999 the assets and
         liabilities attributed to Liberty Media Group and the related combined
         financial statements are sometimes referred to herein as "New Liberty".
         The "Company" and "Liberty Media Group" refer to both New Liberty and
         Old Liberty.

         The following table represents the summary balance sheet of Old Liberty
         at February 28, 1999 prior to the restructuring transactions and the
         consummation of the AT&T Merger and the opening summary balance sheet
         of New Liberty subsequent to the restructuring transactions and the
         consummation of the AT&T Merger. Certain pre-merger transactions
         occurring between March 1, 1999 and March 9, 1999 that affected Old
         Liberty's equity, gains on issuance of equity by subsidiaries and stock
         compensation have been reflected in the two-month period ended February
         28, 1999.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Old Liberty    New Liberty
                                    -----------    -----------
                                       (amounts in millions)
<S>                                 <C>            <C>
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents              $   211        5,319
Other current assets                       648          451
Investments in affiliates                3,971       17,116
Investment in Time Warner                7,361        7,832
Investment in Sprint                     3,381        3,681
Investment in AT&T                       3,856           --
Other investments                        1,257        1,587
Property and equipment, net                532          125
Intangibles and other assets               817       11,159
                                       -------      -------
                                       $22,034       47,270
                                       =======      =======
<PAGE>

Liabilities and Equity:
Current liabilities                    $ 1,446        1,675
Long-term debt                           2,319        1,845
Deferred income taxes                    5,369        9,971
Other liabilities                          168           19
                                       -------      -------
      Total liabilities                  9,302       13,510
                                       -------      -------
Minority interests in equity of
  attributed subsidiaries                  450           39
Obligation to redeem common stock            9            9
Equity                                  12,273       33,712
                                       -------      -------
                                       $22,034       47,270
                                       =======      =======
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

         The following table reflects the recapitalization resulting from the
AT&T Merger (amounts in millions):


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                              <C>
         Total combined equity of Old Liberty                                    $12,273
         Net contribution resulting from the restructuring transactions            2,334
         Purchase accounting adjustments                                          19,105
                                                                                 -------
         Initial combined equity of New Liberty subsequent to the AT&T
             Merger                                                              $33,712
                                                                                 =======
</TABLE>

         The following unaudited condensed results of operations for the years
         ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 were prepared assuming the AT&T Merger
         occurred on January 1, 1998. These pro forma amounts are not
         necessarily indicative of operating results that would have occurred if
         the AT&T Merger had occurred on January 1, 1998.



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Years ended
                                                         December 31,
                                                     ---------------------
                                                     1999             1998
                                                     ----             ----
                                                     (amounts in millions)
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>
              Revenue                                  $964           1,361
              Net loss                              $(2,246)           (302)
              Loss per share                        $ (1.78)          (0.25)
</TABLE>

         At December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Group consisted principally of the
following:


    -    AT&T's assets and businesses which provide programming services
         including production, acquisition and distribution through all
         available formats and media of branded entertainment, educational and
         informational programming and software, including multimedia products;


    -    AT&T's assets and businesses engaged in electronic retailing, direct
         marketing, advertising sales relating to programming services,
         infomercials and transaction processing;

<PAGE>

    -    certain of AT&T's assets and businesses engaged in international cable,
         telephony and programming businesses; and,


    -    AT&T's holdings in a class of tracking stock of Sprint Corporation (the
         "Sprint PCS Group Stock").



         All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
         eliminated. The combined financial statements of Liberty Media Group
         are presented for purposes of additional analysis of the consolidated
         financial statements of AT&T and should be read in conjunction with
         such consolidated financial statements.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

(2)      Merger with AT&T

         As a result of the AT&T Merger, holders of shares of TCI's then
         outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock and TCI Ventures Group
         tracking stock were issued shares of a new targeted stock of AT&T. Each
         share of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group Series A tracking
         stock was converted into 2 shares of a newly created class of AT&T
         tracking stock, the AT&T Liberty Media Group Class A tracking stock,
         each share of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group Series B
         tracking stock was converted into 2 shares of a newly created class of
         AT&T tracking stock, the AT&T Liberty Media Group Class B tracking
         stock, each share of TCI's then outstanding TCI Ventures Group Series A
         tracking stock was converted into 1.04 shares of AT&T Liberty Media
         Group Class A tracking stock and each share of TCI's then outstanding
         TCI Ventures Group Series B tracking stock was converted into 1.04
         shares of AT&T Liberty Media Group Class B tracking stock.

         Effective with the AT&T Merger, each share of TCI's Convertible
         Preferred Stock Series C-Liberty Media was converted into 112.5 shares
         of AT&T Liberty Media Group Class A tracking stock and each share of
         TCI's Redeemable Convertible Liberty Media Group Preferred Stock,
         Series H was converted into 1.18125 shares of AT&T Liberty Media Group
         Class A tracking stock. In general, the holders of shares of AT&T
         Liberty Media Group Class A tracking stock and the holders of shares of
         AT&T Liberty Media Group Class B tracking stock will vote together as a
         single class with the holders of shares of AT&T common stock on all
         matters presented to such stockholders, with the holders being entitled
         to three-fortieths (3/40th) of a vote for each share of AT&T Liberty
         Media Group Class A tracking stock held, three-fourths (3/4th) of a
         vote for each share of AT&T Liberty Media Group Class B tracking stock
         held and 1 vote per share of AT&T common stock held.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

         The shares of AT&T Liberty Media Group Tracking Stock issued in the
         AT&T Merger are intended to reflect the separate performance of the
         businesses and assets attributed to Liberty Media Group. Immediately
         prior to the AT&T Merger, certain assets previously attributed to Old
         Liberty (including, among others, the shares of AT&T Common Stock
         received in the merger of AT&T and Teleport Communications Group, Inc.
         ("Teleport") (see note 7), Old Liberty's interests in At Home
         Corporation ("@Home"), the National Digital Television Center, Inc.
         ("NDTC") and Western Tele-Communications, Inc.) were attributed to "TCI
         Group" (a group of TCI's assets, which, prior to the AT&T Merger, was
         comprised primarily of TCI's domestic cable and communications
         business) in exchange for approximately $5.5 billion in cash (the
         "Asset Transfers"). Also, upon consummation of the AT&T Merger, through
         a new tax sharing agreement between Liberty Media Group and AT&T,
         Liberty Media Group is entitled to the benefit of approximately $2
         billion in net operating loss carryforwards available to the entities
         included in TCI's consolidated income tax return as of the date of the
         AT&T Merger. Such net operating loss carryforwards are subject to
         adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and are subject to
         limitations on usage which may affect the ultimate amount utilized.
         Additionally, certain warrants to purchase shares of General
         Instruments Corporation ("GI Warrants") previously attributed to TCI
         Group were attributed to Liberty Media Group in exchange for
         approximately $176 million in cash. See note 7. Certain agreements
         entered into at the time of the AT&T Merger provide, among other
         things, for preferred vendor status to Liberty Media Group for digital
         basic distribution on AT&T's systems of new programming services
         created by Liberty Media Group and for a renewal of existing
         affiliation agreements. Pursuant to amended corporate governance
         documents for the entities included in Liberty Media Group and certain
         agreements among AT&T and TCI, the business of Liberty Media Group will
         continue to be managed by certain persons who were members of TCI's
         management prior to the AT&T Merger.

(3)      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

         Cash and Cash Equivalents

         Cash equivalents consist of investments which are readily convertible
         into cash and have maturities of three months or less at the time of
         acquisition.

         Receivables

         Receivables are reflected net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.
         Such allowance at December 31, 1999 and 1998 was not material.

         Program Rights

         Prepaid program rights are amortized on a film-by-film basis over the
         anticipated number of exhibitions. Committed program rights and program
         rights payable are recorded at the estimated cost of the programs when
         the film is available for airing less prepayments. These amounts are
         amortized on a film-by-film basis over the anticipated number of
         exhibitions.

                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>


                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

         Investments

         All marketable equity securities held by the Company are classified as
         available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized holding
         gains and losses on securities classified as available-for-sale are
         carried net of taxes as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
         earnings in combined equity. Realized gains and losses are determined
         on a specific-identification basis.

         Other investments in which the ownership interest is less than 20% and
         are not considered marketable securities are carried at the lower of
         cost or net realizable value. For those investments in affiliates in
         which the Company's voting interest is 20% to 50%, the equity method of
         accounting is generally used. Under this method, the investment,
         originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize the Company's
         share of net earnings or losses of the affiliates as they occur rather
         then as dividends or other distributions are received, limited to the
         extent of the Company's investment in, advances to and commitments for
         the investee. The Company's share of net earnings or losses of
         affiliates includes the amortization of the difference between the
         Company's investment and its share of the net assets of the investee.
         Recognition of gains on sales of properties to affiliates accounted for
         under the equity method is deferred in proportion to the Company's
         ownership interest in such affiliates.

         Subsequent to the AT&T Merger, changes in the Company's proportionate
         share of the underlying equity of an attributed subsidiary or equity
         method investee, which result from the issuance of additional equity
         securities by such attributed subsidiary or equity investee, generally
         are recognized as gains or losses in the Company's combined statements
         of combined equity.

         Property and Equipment

         Property and equipment, including significant improvements, is stated
         at cost. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis using
         estimated useful lives of 3 to 20 years for support equipment and 10 to
         40 years for buildings and improvements.

         Excess Cost Over Acquired Net Assets

         Excess cost over acquired net assets consists of the difference between
         the cost of acquiring non-cable entities and amounts assigned to their
         tangible assets. Such amounts are generally amortized on a
         straight-line basis over 20 years.

         Franchise Costs

         Franchise costs generally include the difference between the cost of
         acquiring cable companies and amounts allocated to their tangible
         assets. Such amounts are amortized on a straight-line basis over 40
         years.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

         Impairment of Long-lived Assets

         The Company periodically reviews the carrying amounts of property,
         plant and equipment and its intangible assets to determine whether
         current events or circumstances warrant adjustments to such carrying
         amounts. If an impairment adjustment is deemed necessary, such loss is
         measured by the amount that the carrying value of such assets exceeds
         their fair value. Considerable management judgment is necessary to
         estimate the fair value of assets, accordingly, actual results could
         vary significantly from such estimates. Assets to be disposed of are
         carried at the lower of their financial statement carrying amount or
         fair value less costs to sell.

         Minority Interests

         Recognition of minority interests' share of losses of attributed
         subsidiaries is generally limited to the amount of such minority
         interests' allocable portion of the common equity of those attributed
         subsidiaries. Further, the minority interests' share of losses is not
         recognized if the minority holders of common equity of attributed
         subsidiaries have the right to cause the Company to repurchase such
         holders' common equity.

         Preferred stock (and accumulated dividends thereon) of attributed
         subsidiaries are included in minority interests in equity of attributed
         subsidiaries. Dividend requirements on such preferred stocks are
         reflected as minority interests in earnings of attributed subsidiaries
         in the accompanying combined statements of operations and comprehensive
         earnings.

         Foreign Currency Translation

         The functional currency of the Company is the United States ("U.S.")
         dollar. The functional currency of the Company's foreign operations
         generally is the applicable local currency for each attributed foreign
         subsidiary and foreign equity method investee. In this regard, the
         functional currency of certain of the Company's attributed foreign
         subsidiaries and foreign equity investees is the Argentine peso, the
         United Kingdom ("UK") pound sterling ("pound sterling" or "pounds"),
         the French franc ("FF") and the Japanese yen ("yen"). Assets and
         liabilities of attributed foreign subsidiaries and foreign equity
         investees are translated at the spot rate in effect at the applicable
         reporting date, and the combined statements of operations and the
         Company's share of the results of operations of its foreign equity
         affiliates are translated at the average exchange rates in effect
         during the applicable period. The resulting unrealized cumulative
         translation adjustment, net of applicable income taxes, is recorded as
         a component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings in combined
         equity.

         Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional
         currency are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such
         transactions arise. Subsequent changes in exchange rates result in
         transaction gains and losses which are reflected in the accompanying
         combined statements of operations and comprehensive earnings as
         unrealized (based on the applicable period end exchange rate) or
         realized upon settlement of the transactions.

                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>
                             "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


         Unless otherwise indicated, convenience translations of foreign
         currencies into U.S. dollars are calculated using the applicable spot
         rate at December 31, 1999, as published in The Wall Street Journal.

         Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities

         Liberty Media Group has entered into "cashless collar" transactions
         with respect to certain securities attributed to Liberty Media Group.
         The cashless collar provides Liberty Media Group with a put option that
         gives it the right to require its counterparty to buy designated shares
         at a designated price per share and simultaneously provides the
         counterparty a call option giving it the right to buy the same number
         of shares at a designated price per share.

         As Liberty Media Group's cashless collars are designated to specific
         shares of stock attributed to Liberty Media Group and the changes in
         the fair value of the cashless collars are correlated with changes in
         the fair value of the underlying securities, the cashless collars
         function as hedges. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the
         cashless collars designated to specific shares which are accounted for
         as available-for-sale securities are reported as a component of
         comprehensive earnings (in unrealized gains) along with the changes in
         the fair value of the underlying securities.

         During 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
         of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
         Instruments and Hedging Activities, ("Statement 133"), which is
         effective for all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. Statement
         133 establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative
         instruments and hedging activities by requiring that all derivative
         instruments be reported as assets or liabilities and measured at their
         fair values. Under Statement 133, changes in the fair values of
         derivative instruments are recognized immediately in earnings unless
         those instruments qualify as hedges of the (1) fair values of existing
         assets, liabilities, or firm commitments, (2) variability of cash flows
         of forecasted transactions, or (3) foreign currency exposure of net
         investments in foreign operations. Although the Company's management
         has not completed its assessment of the impact of Statement 133 on its
         combined results of operations and financial position, management does
         not expect that the impact of Statement 133 will be significant,
         however, there can be no assurances that the impact will not be
         significant.

         Revenue Recognition

         Programming revenue is recognized in the period during which
         programming is provided, pursuant to affiliation agreements.
         Advertising revenue is recognized, net of agency commissions, in the
         period during which underlying advertisements are broadcast. Cable
         revenue is recognized in the period that services are rendered. Cable
         installation revenue is recognized in the period the related services
         are provided to the extent of direct selling costs. Any remaining
         amount is deferred and recognized over the estimated average period
         that customers are expected to remain connected to the cable
         distribution system.

                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

         Stock Based Compensation

         Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, Accounting for
         Stock-Based Compensation ("Statement 123"), establishes financial
         accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee
         compensation plans as well as transactions in which an entity issues
         its equity instruments to acquire goods or services from non-employees.
         As allowed by Statement 123, Liberty Media Group continues to account
         for stock-based compensation pursuant to Accounting Principles Board
         Opinion No. 25. Liberty Media Group estimates that compensation expense
         would not be materially different under Statement 123.

         Reclassifications

         Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified for comparability
         with the 1999 presentation.

         Estimates

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
         accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
         and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
         liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
         amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
         results could differ from those estimates.

(4)      Loss Per Common Share

         Basic earnings or loss per share ("EPS") is measured as the income or
         loss attributable to common stockholders divided by the weighted
         average outstanding common shares for the period. Diluted EPS is
         similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share
         basis of potential common shares as if they had been converted at the
         beginning of the periods presented. Potential common shares that have
         an anti-dilutive effect are excluded from diluted EPS.

         The basic and diluted loss attributable to Liberty Media Group common
         stockholders per common share for the ten months ended December 31,
         1999 was computed by dividing the net loss attributable to Liberty
         Media Group common stockholders by the weighted average number of
         common shares outstanding of AT&T Liberty Media Group tracking stock
         during the period. Potential common shares were not included in the
         computations of weighted average shares outstanding because their
         inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

         At December 31, 1999, there were 48 million potential common shares
         consisting of fixed and nonvested performance awards, stock options and
         convertible securities that could potentially dilute future EPS
         calculations in periods of net earnings. No material changes in the
         weighted average outstanding shares or potential common shares occurred
         after December 31, 1999.

                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>
                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

(5)  Supplemental Disclosures to Combined Statements of Cash Flows

     Cash paid for interest was $93 million, $32 million, $112 million and $60
     million for the ten months ended December 31, 1999, the two months ended
     February 28, 1999 and the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997,
     respectively. Cash paid for income taxes during the ten months ended
     December 31, 1999 and the two months ended February 28, 1999 was not
     material. Cash paid for income taxes during the years ended December 31,
     1998 and 1997 was $29 million and $35 million, respectively.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       New Liberty                 Old Liberty
                                       ------------   ----------------------------------------
                                       Ten months       Two months
                                         ended            ended             Years ended
                                       December 31,    February 28,         December 31,
                                       ------------    ------------      ---------------------
                                          1999            1999           1998            1997
                                       ------------    ------------      ----            ----
                                                            amounts in millions
<S>                                    <C>             <C>               <C>            <C>
Cash paid for acquisitions:
Fair value of assets acquired            $ 122              --             162             452

Net liabilities assumed                    (13)             --            (107)           (209)
Debt issued to related parties
   and others                               --              --              --            (404)
Deferred tax asset recorded in
   acquisition                              --              --              --             112

Minority interest in equity of
   acquired attributed
   subsidiaries                             --              --              39            (129)

Excess consideration paid over
   carryover basis of net
   assets acquired from related
   party                                    --              --              --             219

Gain in connection with the
   issuance of stock by
   attributed subsidiary                    --              --              (2)             --
                                         -----         -------            ----            ----

   Cash paid for acquisitions            $ 109              --              92              41
                                         =====         =======            ====            ====

</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     Significant noncash investing and financing activities are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 New Liberty                    Old Liberty
                                                 ------------        ---------------------------------------
                                                  Ten months         Two months
                                                     ended              ended             Years ended
                                                 December 31,        February 28,         December 31,
                                                     1999               1999           1998            1997
                                                 ------------       --------------   -----------------------
                                                                         amounts in millions
<S>                                              <C>                <C>              <C>             <C>
Exchange of attributed subsidiaries
    for limited partnership interest                $135                 --             --             --
                                                    ====              =====           ====            ===
Cost of distribution agreements
    (note 10)                                       $ --                 --             74            173
                                                    ====              =====           ====            ===
Noncash acquisitions of minority
    interests in equity of
    attributed subsidiaries (note
    8):
       Fair value of assets                         $ --                 --           (741)           (29)
       Deferred tax liability
          recorded                                    --                 --            154             --
       Minority interests in equity
          of attributed subsidiaries                  --                 --           (185)            (1)
       Liberty Media Group tracking
          stock issued                                --                 --            772             30
                                                    ----              -----           ----            ---
                                                    $ --                 --             --             --
                                                    ====              =====           ====            ===
Common stock received in exchange
  for option (note 7)                               $ --                 --             --            306
                                                    ====              =====           ====            ===
Preferred stock received in exchange
 for common stock and note
    receivable (note 7)                             $ --                 --             --            371
                                                    ====              =====           ====            ===
</TABLE>


The following table reflects the change in cash and cash equivalents resulting
from the AT&T Merger and related restructuring transactions (amounts in
millions):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                              <C>
Cash and cash equivalents prior to the AT&T Merger                               $   211
    Cash received in the Asset Transfers, net of cash balances transferred
                                                                                   5,284
    Cash paid to TCI Group for GI Warrants                                          (176)
                                                                                 -------
Cash and cash equivalents subsequent to the AT&T Merger                          $ 5,319
                                                                                 =======
</TABLE>
                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>
                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

Liberty Media Group ceased to include TV Guide, Inc. ("TV Guide") in its
combined financial results and began to account for TV Guide using the equity
method of accounting, effective March 1, 1999 (see note 8). Liberty Media Group
ceased to include Flextech p.l.c. ("Flextech") and Cablevision S.A.
("Cablevision") in its combined financial results and began to account for
Flextech and Cablevision using the equity method of accounting, effective
January 1, 1997 and October 1, 1997, respectively. The effects of changing the
method of accounting for Liberty Media Group's ownership interests in these
investments from the consolidation method to the equity method are summarized
below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           New Liberty                   Old Liberty
                                           ------------      ---------------------------------------
                                           Ten months         Two months
                                             ended              ended             Years ended
                                           December 31,      February 28,         December 31,
                                             1999              1999            1998            1997
                                           ------------      ------------     ----------------------
                                                             amounts in millions

<S>                                        <C>              <C>                <C>            <C>
Assets (other than cash and cash
    equivalents) reclassified to
    investments in affiliates               $  --              (200)             --            (596)

Liabilities reclassified to
    investments in affiliates                  --               190              --             484
Minority interests in equity of
    attributed subsidiaries
    reclassified to investments in
    affiliates                                 --                63              --             151
                                            -----              ----            ----            ----

Decrease in cash and cash
    equivalents                             $  --                53              --              39
                                            =====              ====            ====            ====
</TABLE>



                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                             "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

(6)  Investments in Affiliates Accounted for under the Equity Method

     Liberty Media Group has various investments accounted for under the equity
     method. The following table includes Liberty Media Group's carrying amount
     and percentage ownership of the more significant investments in affiliates
     at December 31, 1999 and the carrying amount at December 31, 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              New Liberty                             Old Liberty
                                                   ---------------------------------------        -----------------
                                                           December 31, 1999                      December 31, 1998
                                                   ---------------------------------------        -----------------
                                                   Percentage
                                                   Ownership               Carrying Amount          Carrying Amount
                                                   ----------              ---------------          ---------------
                                                                          amounts in millions
<S>                                                <C>                    <C>                     <C>
USA Networks, Inc. ("USAI") and
    related investments                                   21%                  $ 2,699                    1,042
Telewest Communications plc
    ( "Telewest ")                                        22%                    1,996                      515
Discovery Communications, Inc.
    ("Discovery")                                         49%                    3,441                       49
TV Guide                                                  44%                    1,732                       --
QVC Inc. ( "QVC ")                                        43%                    2,515                      197
Flextech                                                  37%                      727                      320
UnitedGlobalCom, Inc.
    ("UnitedGlobalCom")                                   10%                      505                       --
Jupiter Telecommunications Co., Ltd.
    ("Jupiter")                                           40%                      399                      143
Various foreign equity investments
    (other than Telewest, Flextech and
    Jupiter)
                                                     various                     1,064                      518
Other                                                various                       844                      295
                                                                               -------                    -----
                                                                               $15,922                    3,079
                                                                               =======                    =====
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


         The following table reflects Liberty Media Group's share of earnings
(losses) of affiliates:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     New Liberty                        Old Liberty
                                                    ------------            --------------------------------------------
                                                     Ten months             Two months
                                                        ended                  ended                  Years ended
                                                    December 31,            February 28,              December 31,
                                                        1999                    1999               1998           1997
                                                    ------------            ------------         -------        --------
                                                                            amounts in millions
<S>                                                 <C>                     <C>                 <C>              <C>
         USAI and related investments               $         (20)               10                 30               5
         Telewest                                            (222)              (38)              (134)           (145)
         Discovery                                           (269)               (8)               (39)            (29)
         TV Guide                                             (46)               --                 --              --
         QVC                                                  (11)               13                 64              30
         Flextech                                             (41)               (5)               (21)            (16)
         Fox/Liberty Networks LLC
             ("Fox/Liberty Networks")                         (48)               (1)               (83)             --
         UnitedGlobalCom                                       23                --                 --              --
         Jupiter                                              (54)               (7)               (26)            (23)
         Other foreign investments                           (113)              (15)               (99)            (80)
         Teleport                                              --                --                (32)            (66)
         Sprint Spectrum Holding Company,
             L.P., MinorCo, L.P. and
             PhillieCo Partnership I, L.P.
             (the "PCS Ventures") (note 7)

                                                               --                --               (629)           (493)
         Other                                               (103)              (15)               (65)            (33)
                                                    -------------            ------             ------            ----
                                                    $        (904)              (66)            (1,034)           (850)
                                                    =============            ======             ======            ====
</TABLE>


Summarized unaudited combined financial information for affiliates is as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             December 31,
                                                      --------------------------
                                                        1999               1998
                                                      -------            -------
                                                          amounts in millions
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>
Combined Financial Position
     Investments                                      $ 1,415              2,003
     Property and equipment, net                        8,885              8,147
     Other intangibles, net                            19,778             14,395
     Other assets, net                                  9,207              7,553
                                                      -------            -------
         Total assets                                 $39,285             32,098
                                                      =======            =======

<PAGE>
     Debt                                             $17,210             15,264
     Other liabilities                                 12,645             11,620
     Owners' equity                                     9,430              5,214
                                                      -------            -------
         Total liabilities and equity                 $39,285             32,098
                                                      =======            =======
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       New Liberty                                 Old Liberty
                                                      -------------          ------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Ten months             Two months
                                                         ended                  ended                        Years ended
                                                      December 31,            February 28,                    December 31,
                                                          1999                   1999                  1998                  1997
                                                      ------------            ------------           --------              --------
                                                                                  amounts in millions
<S>                                                      <C>                   <C>                  <C>                    <C>
Combined Operations
     Revenue                                             $ 10,492                 2,341                14,062                 7,107
     Operating expenses                                    (9,066)               (1,894)              (13,092)               (7,635)
     Depreciation and amortization                         (1,461)                 (353)               (2,629)               (1,152)
                                                         --------              --------              --------              --------
         Operating income (loss)                              (35)                   94                (1,659)               (1,680)
     Interest expense                                        (886)                 (281)               (1,728)                 (656)
     Other, net                                              (151)                 (127)                 (166)                 (443)
                                                         --------              --------              --------              --------
         Net loss                                        $ (1,072)                 (314)               (3,553)               (2,779)
                                                         ========              ========              ========              ========
</TABLE>

     USAI owns and operates businesses in network and television production,
     television broadcasting, electronic retailing, ticketing operations, and
     internet services. At December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Group directly and
     indirectly held 66.5 million shares of USAI's common stock (as adjusted for
     a subsequent two-for-one stock split). Liberty Media Group also held shares
     directly in certain subsidiaries of USAI which are exchangeable into 79.0
     million shares of USAI common stock (as adjusted for the two-for-one stock
     split). Liberty Media Group's direct ownership of USAI is currently
     restricted by Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") regulations. The
     exchange of these shares can be accomplished only if there is a change to
     existing regulations or if Liberty Media Group obtains permission from the
     FCC. If the exchange of subsidiary stock into USAI common stock was
     completed at December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Group would own 145.5 million
     shares (as adjusted for the two-for-one stock split) or approximately 21%
     (on a fully-diluted basis) of USAI common stock. USAI's common stock had a
     closing market value of $27.63 per share (as adjusted for the two-for-one
     stock split) on December 31, 1999. Liberty Media Group accounts for its
     investments in USAI and related subsidiaries on a combined basis under the
     equity method.

     In February 1998, USAI paid cash and issued shares and one of its
     subsidiaries issued shares in connection with the acquisition of certain
     assets from Universal Studios, Inc. (the "Universal Transaction"). Liberty
     Media Group recorded an increase to its investment in USAI of $54 million
     and an increase to combined equity of $33 million (after deducting deferred
     income taxes of $21 million) as a result of this share issuance.

     USAI issued shares in June 1998 to acquire the remaining stock of
     Ticketmaster Group, Inc. which it did not previously own (the "Ticketmaster

<PAGE>

     Transaction"). Liberty Media Group recorded an increase to its investment
     in USAI of $52 million and an increase to combined equity of $31 million
     (after deducting deferred income taxes of $21 million) as a result of this
     share issuance. No gain was recognized in the combined statement of
     operations and comprehensive earnings for either the Universal Transaction
     or the Ticketmaster Transaction due primarily to Liberty Media Group's
     intention to purchase additional equity interests in USAI.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     In connection with the Universal Transaction, Liberty Media Group was
     granted an antidilutive right with respect to any future issuance of USAI's
     common stock, subject to certain limitations, that enables it to maintain
     its percentage ownership interests in USAI.

     Telewest currently operates and constructs cable television and telephone
     systems in the UK. At December 31, 1999 Liberty Media Group indirectly
     owned 506 million of the issued and outstanding Telewest ordinary shares.
     The reported closing price on the London Stock Exchange of Telewest
     ordinary shares was $5.34 per share at December 31, 1999.

     Effective September 1, 1998, Telewest and General Cable PLC ("General
     Cable") consummated a merger (the "General Cable Merger") in which holders
     of General Cable received New Telewest shares and cash. Based upon
     Telewest's closing price of $1.51 per share on April 14, 1998, the General
     Cable Merger was valued at approximately $1.1 billion. The cash portion of
     the General Cable Merger was financed through an offer to qualifying
     Telewest shareholders for the purchase of approximately 261 million new
     Telewest shares at a price of $1.57 per share (the "Telewest Offer").
     Liberty Media Group subscribed to 85 million Telewest ordinary shares at an
     aggregate cost of $133 million in connection with the Telewest Offer. In
     connection with the General Cable Merger, Liberty Media Group converted its
     entire holdings of Telewest convertible preference shares (133 million
     shares) into Telewest ordinary shares. As a result of the General Cable
     Merger, Liberty Media Group's ownership interest in Telewest decreased to
     22%. In connection with the increase in Telewest's equity, net of the
     dilution of Liberty Media Group's interest in Telewest, that resulted from
     the General Cable Merger, Liberty Media Group recorded a non-cash gain of
     $60 million (before deducting deferred income taxes of $21 million) during
     1998.

     The Class A common stock of TV Guide is publicly traded. At December 31,
     1999, Liberty Media Group held 58 million shares of TV Guide Class A common
     stock (as adjusted for a two-for-one stock split) and 75 million shares of
     TV Guide Class B common stock (as adjusted for a two-for-one stock split).
     See note 8. The TV Guide Class B common stock is convertible, one-for-one,
     into TV Guide Class A common stock. The closing price for TV Guide Class A
     common stock was $43.00 per share on December 31, 1999.

     Flextech develops and sells a variety of television programming in the UK.
     At December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Group indirectly owned 58 million
     Flextech ordinary shares. The reported closing price on the London Stock
     Exchange of the Flextech ordinary shares was $18.58 per share at December
     31, 1999.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)

     In April 1997, Flextech and BBC Worldwide Limited ("BBC Worldwide") formed
     two separate joint ventures (the "BBC Joint Ventures") and entered into
     certain related transactions. The consummation of the BBC Joint Ventures
     and related transactions resulted in, among other things, a reduction of
     Liberty Media Group's economic ownership interest in Flextech from 46.2% to
     36.8%. Liberty Media Group continues to maintain a voting interest in
     Flextech of approximately 50%. As a result of such dilution, Liberty Media
     Group recorded a $152 million increase to the carrying amount of Liberty
     Media Group's investment in Flextech, a $53 million increase to deferred
     income tax liability, a $66 million increase to combined equity and a $33
     million increase to minority interests in equity of attributed
     subsidiaries. No gain was recognized in the combined statement of
     operations and comprehensive earnings due primarily to certain contingent
     obligations of Liberty Media Group with respect to one of the BBC Joint
     Ventures (see note 15).

     Liberty Media Group and The News Corporation Limited ("News Corp.") each
     previously owned 50% of Fox/Liberty Networks, which operates national and
     regional sports networks. Prior to the first quarter of 1998, Liberty Media
     Group had no obligation, nor intention, to fund Fox/Liberty Networks.
     During 1998, Liberty Media Group made the determination to provide funding
     to Fox/Liberty Networks based on specific transactions consummated by
     Fox/Liberty Networks. Consequently, Liberty Media Group's share of losses
     of Fox/Liberty Networks for the year ended December 31, 1998 included
     previously unrecognized losses of Fox/Liberty Networks of approximately $64
     million. Losses for Fox/Liberty Networks were not recognized in prior
     periods due to the fact that Liberty Media Group's investment in
     Fox/Liberty Networks was less than zero. During 1999, News Corp. acquired
     Liberty Media Group's 50% interest in Fox/Liberty Networks (see note 7).

     On September 30, 1999, Liberty Media Group purchased 9.9 million class B
     shares of UnitedGlobalCom for approximately $493 million in cash.
     UnitedGlobalCom is the largest global broadband communications provider of
     video, voice and data services with operations in over 20 countries
     throughout the world. At December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Group owned an
     approximate 10% economic ownership interest representing an approximate 36%
     voting interest in UnitedGlobalCom. The closing price for UnitedGlobalCom
     Class A common stock was $70.63 per share on December 31, 1999. The
     UnitedGlobalCom Class B common stock is convertible, on a one-for-one
     basis, into UnitedGlobalCom Class A common stock.

     During the year ended December 31, 1997, Teleport issued 6.6 million shares
     of its Class A common stock for certain acquisitions and consummated a
     public offering of 7.3 million shares of its Class A common stock. As a
     result of the increase in Teleport's equity, net of the dilution of Liberty
     Media Group's ownership interest in Teleport that resulted from these
     transactions, Liberty Media Group recognized non-cash gains aggregating
     $112 million (before deducting deferred income tax expense of $43 million).

     On April 22, 1998, Teleport completed a merger transaction with ACC Corp.
     As a result, Liberty Media Group's interest in Teleport was reduced to
     approximately 26%. In connection with the increase in Teleport's equity,
     net of the dilution of Liberty Media Group's interest in Teleport, that
     resulted from the merger, Liberty Media Group recorded a non-cash gain of
     $201 million (before deducting deferred income tax expense of $71 million).

                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     On October 9, 1997, Liberty Media Group sold a portion of its 51% interest
     in Cablevision to unaffiliated third parties. In connection with such sale
     and certain related transactions, Liberty Media Group recognized a gain of
     $49 million. Liberty Media Group's equity interest in Cablevision was 28%
     at December 31, 1999.

     The $13 billion aggregate excess of Liberty Media Group's aggregate
     carrying amount in its affiliates over Liberty Media Group's proportionate
     share of its affiliates' net assets is being amortized over estimated
     useful life of 20 years.

     Certain of Liberty Media Group's affiliates are general partnerships and,
     as such, are liable as a matter of partnership law for all debts (other
     than non-recourse debts) of that partnership in the event liabilities of
     that partnership were to exceed its assets.

(7)  Investments in Available-for-sale Securities and Others

     Investments in available-for-sale securities and others are summarized as
     follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                New Liberty         Old Liberty
                                                                               ------------         -----------
                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                               --------------------------------
                                                                                   1999                 1998
                                                                               ------------         -----------
                                                                                   amounts in millions
<S>                                                                            <C>                     <C>
         Sprint Corporation ("Sprint") (a)                                     $  10,186                2,446
         Time Warner, Inc. ("Time Warner") (b)                                     8,202                7,083
         News Corp. (c)                                                            2,403                   --
         General Instrument Corporation ("General Instrument") (d)                 3,430                  396
         Other available-for-sale securities                                       3,773                  283
         AT&T (e)                                                                     --                3,556
         Other investments, at cost, and related receivables (f)
                                                                                     985                  743
                                                                               ---------              -------
                                                                                  28,979               14,507
             Less short-term investments                                             378                  124
                                                                               ---------              -------
                                                                               $  28,601               14,383
                                                                               =========              =======
</TABLE>


     (a)  Pursuant to a final judgment (the "Final Judgment ") agreed to by
          Liberty Media Corporation, AT&T and the United States Department of
          Justice (the "DOJ ") on December 31, 1998, Liberty Media Group
          transferred all of its beneficially owned securities (the "Sprint
          Securities ") of Sprint to a trustee (the "Trustee ") prior to the
          AT&T Merger. The Final Judgment, which was entered by the United
          States District Court for the District of Columbia on August 23, 1999,
          would require the Trustee, on or before May 23, 2002, to dispose of a
          portion of the Sprint Securities sufficient to cause Liberty Media
          Group to beneficially own no more than 10% of the outstanding Series 1
          PCS Stock of Sprint on a fully diluted basis on such date. On or
          before May 23, 2004, the Trustee must divest the remainder of the
          Sprint Securities beneficially owned by Liberty Media Group.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>
                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     The Final Judgment requires that the Trustee vote the Sprint Securities
     beneficially owned by Liberty Media Group in the same proportion as other
     holders of Sprint's PCS Stock so long as such securities are held by the
     trust. The Final Judgment also prohibits the acquisition of Liberty Media
     Group of additional Sprint Securities, with certain exceptions, without the
     prior written consent of the DOJ.

     The PCS Ventures included Sprint Spectrum Holding Company, L. P. and
     MinorCo, L.P. (collectively, "Sprint PCS") and PhillieCo Partnership I,
     L.P. ("PhillieCo"). The partners of each of the Sprint PCS partnerships
     were subsidiaries of Sprint, Comcast Corporation ("Comcast"), Cox
     Communications, Inc. ("Cox") and Liberty Media Group. The partners of
     PhillieCo were subsidiaries of Sprint, Cox and Liberty Media Group. Liberty
     Media Group had a 30% partnership interest in each of the Sprint PCS
     partnerships and a 35% partnership interest in PhillieCo.

     On November 23, 1998, Liberty Media Group, Comcast, and Cox exchanged their
     respective interests in Sprint PCS and PhillieCo (the "PCS Exchange") for
     shares of Sprint PCS Group Stock, which tracks the performance of Sprint's
     then newly created PCS Group (consisting initially of the PCS Ventures and
     certain PCS licenses which were separately owned by Sprint). The Sprint PCS
     Group Stock collectively represents an approximate 17% voting interest in
     Sprint. As a result of the PCS Exchange, Liberty Media Group, through the
     trust established pursuant to the Final Judgment, holds the Sprint
     Securities which consists of shares of Sprint PCS Group Stock, as well as
     certain additional securities of Sprint exercisable for or convertible into
     such securities, representing approximately 24% of the equity value of
     Sprint attributable to its PCS Group and less than 1% of the voting
     interest in Sprint. Through November 23, 1998, Liberty Media Group
     accounted for its interest in the PCS Ventures using the equity method of
     accounting; however, as a result of the PCS Exchange, Liberty Media Group's
     less than 1% voting interest in Sprint and the Final Judgment, Liberty
     Media Group no longer exercises significant influence with respect to its
     investment in the PCS Ventures. Accordingly, Liberty Media Group accounts
     for its investment in the Sprint PCS Group Stock as an available-for-sale
     security.

     As a result of the PCS Exchange, Liberty Media Group recorded a non-cash
     gain of $1.9 billion (before deducting deferred income taxes of $647
     million) during the fourth quarter of 1998 based on the difference between
     the carrying amount of Liberty Media Group's interest in the PCS Ventures
     and the fair value of the Sprint Securities received.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     In September 1999, a trust for Liberty Media Group's benefit entered into a
     four and one-half year "cashless collar" with a financial institution with
     respect to 35 million shares of Sprint PCS Group Stock (as adjusted for a
     two-for-one stock split), secured by 35 million shares of such stock (as
     adjusted for a two-for-one stock split). The collar provides the trust with
     a put option that gives it the right to require its counterparty to buy 35
     million shares of Sprint PCS Group Stock from the trust in five tranches in
     approximately four and one-half years for a weighted average price of
     $27.62 per share (as adjusted for a two-for-one stock split). Liberty Media
     Group simultaneously sold a call option giving the counterparty the right
     to buy the same shares of stock from the trust in five tranches in
     approximately four and one-half years for a weighted average price of
     $57.42 per share (as adjusted for a two-for-one stock split).

     Additionally, on December 15, 1999, the trust entered into a "cashless
     collar" with a financial institution with respect to 18 million shares of
     Sprint PCS Group Stock (as adjusted for a two-for-one stock split). The
     collar consists of a put option that gives the trust the right to require
     its counterparty to buy 18 million shares of Sprint PCS Group Stock (as
     adjusted for a two-for-one stock split) from the trust in three tranches in
     approximately two years for $50.00 per share (as adjusted for a two-for-one
     stock split). The counterparty has a call option giving the counterparty
     the right to buy the same shares from the trust in three tranches in
     approximately two years for $65.23 per share (as adjusted for a two-for-one
     stock split). The put and the call options of each of these collars were
     equally priced, resulting in no cash cost to the trust or Liberty Media
     Group.

(b)  Liberty Media Group holds shares of a series of Time Warner's series common
     stock with limited voting rights (the "TW Exchange Stock") that are
     convertible into an aggregate of 114 million shares of Time Warner common
     stock. Liberty Media Group accounts for its investment in Time Warner as an
     available-for-sale security.

     On June 24, 1997, Liberty Media Group granted Time Warner an option to
     acquire the business of Southern Satellite Systems, Inc. (the "Southern
     Business") from Liberty Media Group. Liberty Media Group received 6.4
     million shares of TW Exchange Stock valued at $306 million in consideration
     for the grant. Pursuant to the option, Time Warner acquired the Southern
     Business, effective January 1, 1998, for $213 million in cash. Liberty
     Media Group recognized a $515 million pre-tax gain in connection with such
     transaction in the first quarter of 1998.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     In March 1999, Liberty Media Group entered into a seven-year "cashless
     collar" with a financial institution with respect to 15 million shares of
     Time Warner common stock, secured by 15 million shares of its TW Exchange
     Stock. This cashless collar provides Liberty Media Group with a put option
     that gives it the right to require its counterparty to buy 15 million Time
     Warner shares from Liberty Media Group in approximately seven years for
     $67.45 per share. Liberty Media Group simultaneously sold a call option
     giving the counterparty the right to buy the same number of Time Warner
     shares from Liberty Media Group in approximately seven years for $158.33
     per share. The put and the call options were equally priced, resulting in
     no cash cost to Liberty Media Group.

(c)  On July 15, 1999, News Corp. acquired Liberty Media Group's 50% interest in
     Fox/Liberty Networks in exchange for 51.8 million News Corp. American
     Depository Receipts ( "ADRs ") representing preferred limited voting
     ordinary shares of News Corp. Of the 51.8 million ADRs received, 3.6
     million were placed in an escrow (the "Escrow Shares ") pending an
     independent third party valuation, as of the third anniversary of the
     transaction. The remainder of the 51.8 million ADRs received (the
     "Restricted Shares ") are subject to a two-year lockup which restricts any
     transfer of the securities for a period of two years from the date of the
     transaction. Liberty Media Group recorded the ADRs at fair value of $1,403
     million, which included a discount from market value for the Restricted
     Shares due to the two-year restriction on transfer, resulting in a $13
     million gain on the transaction. In a related transaction, Liberty Media
     Group acquired from News Corp. 28.1 million additional ADRs representing
     preferred limited voting ordinary shares of News Corp. for approximately
     $695 million. Liberty Media Group accounts for its investment in News Corp.
     as an available-for-sale security, with the exception of the Restricted
     Shares and the Escrow Shares.

(d)  On July 17, 1998, TCI acquired 21.4 million shares of restricted stock of
     General Instrument in exchange for (i) certain of the assets of the NDTC's
     set-top authorization business, (ii) the license of certain related
     software to General Instrument, (iii) a $50 million promissory note from
     TCI to General Instrument and (iv) a nine year revenue guarantee from TCI
     in favor of General Instrument. In connection therewith, NDTC also entered
     into a service agreement pursuant to which it will provide certain
     postcontract services to General Instrument's set-top authorization
     business. The 21.4 million shares of General Instrument common stock were,
     in addition to other transfer restrictions, originally restricted as to
     their sale by Liberty Media Group for a three year period. Liberty Media
     Group recorded its investment in such shares at fair value which included a
     discount attributable to the above-described liquidity restriction.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     On January 5, 2000, Motorola, Inc. completed the acquisition of General
     Instrument through a merger of General Instrument with a wholly owned
     subsidiary of Motorola. In the merger, each outstanding share of General
     Instrument common stock was converted into the right to receive 0.575
     shares of Motorola common stock. In connection with the merger Liberty
     Media Group received 18 million shares and warrants to purchase 12 million
     shares of Motorola common stock in exchange for its holdings in General
     Instrument. Subsequent to the merger, the Motorola securities are no longer
     subject to the three year restriction and accordingly, Liberty Media Group
     accounted for its investment in General Instrument as an available-for-sale
     security at December 31, 1999. Liberty Media Group has agreed not to
     transfer or encumber the Motorola securities for a specified period which
     is less than one year.

     Liberty Media Group's ability to exercise warrants to purchase 6.1 million
     shares of Motorola common stock are subject to AT&T satisfying the terms of
     a purchase commitment in 2000. AT&T has agreed to pay Liberty Media Group
     $14.35 for each warrant that does not vest as a result of the purchase
     commitment not being met.

(e)  During July 1998, Teleport was acquired by AT&T and Liberty Media Group
     received in exchange for all of its interest in Teleport approximately 70.4
     million shares of AT&T common stock. Liberty Media Group recognized a $2.3
     billion gain (excluding related tax expense of $883 million) on such
     transaction during the third quarter of 1998 based on the difference
     between the carrying value of Liberty Media Group's interest in Teleport
     and the fair value of the AT&T common stock received.

(f)  On August 1, 1997, Liberty IFE, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Liberty
     Media Group, which held non-voting Class C common stock of International
     Family Entertainment, Inc. ( "IFE ") ( "Class C Stock ") and $23 million of
     IFE 6% convertible secured notes due 2004, convertible into Class C Stock (
     "Convertible Notes "), contributed its Class C Stock and Convertible Notes
     to Fox Kids Worldwide, Inc. ( "FKW ") in exchange for a new series of 30
     year non-convertible 9% preferred stock of FKW with a stated value of $345
     million. As a result of the exchange, Liberty Media Group recognized a
     pre-tax gain of approximately $304 million during the third quarter of
     1997.

     Investments in available-for-sale securities are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                New Liberty        Old Liberty
                                                                                -----------        -----------
                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                ------------------------------
                                                                                   1999                 1998
                                                                                -----------        -----------
                                                                                   amounts in millions
<S>                                                                          <C>                        <C>
         Equity securities:
             Fair value                                                      $       24,472               13,243
             Gross unrealized holding gains                                          11,457                4,875
             Gross unrealized holding losses                                           (646)                  --
         Debt securities:
             Fair value                                                      $        1,995                   --
             Gross unrealized holding losses                                            (22)                  --
</TABLE>



                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     Management of Liberty Media Group estimates the market value, calculated
     using a variety of approaches including multiple of cash flow, per
     subscriber value, a value of comparable public or private businesses or
     publicly quoted market prices, of all of Liberty Media Group's investments
     in available-for-sale securities and others aggregated $29.2 billion and
     $11.2 billion at December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, respectively. No
     independent appraisals were conducted for those assets.

(8)  Acquisitions and Dispositions

     During July 1997, the 10% minority interest in Encore Media Corporation
     ("EMC") was purchased by Liberty Media Group for approximately 2.4 million
     shares of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock. Such
     10% interest in EMC was accounted for as an acquisition of a minority
     interest and resulted in an increase of $30 million in combined equity.

     On January 12, 1998, Liberty Media Group acquired from a minority
     shareholder of TV Guide, formerly named United Video Satellite Group, Inc.
     ("UVSG"), 49.6 million shares of UVSG Class A common stock (as adjusted for
     a two-for-one stock split) in exchange for shares of TCI's then outstanding
     Liberty Media Group tracking stock. The aggregate value assigned to the
     shares issued by TCI was based upon the market value of such shares at the
     time the transaction was announced. Such transaction was accounted for as
     an acquisition of minority interest. As a result of such transaction,
     Liberty Media Group increased its ownership in the equity of UVSG to
     approximately 73% and the voting power increased to 93%. In connection with
     the issuance of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock
     in such transaction, Liberty Media Group recorded the total purchase price
     of $346 million as an increase to combined equity.

     Effective February 1, 1998, Turner-Vision, Inc. ("Turner Vision")
     contributed the assets, obligations and operations of its retail C-band
     satellite business to Superstar/Netlink Group LLC ("SNG") in exchange for
     an approximate 20% interest in SNG. As a result of such transaction,
     Liberty Media Group's ownership interest in SNG decreased to approximately
     80%. In connection with the increase in SNG's equity, net of the dilution
     of Liberty Media Group's ownership interest in SNG, that resulted from such
     transaction, Liberty Media Group recognized a gain of $38 million (before
     deducting deferred income taxes of $15 million). Turner Vision's
     contribution to SNG was accounted for as a purchase and the $61 million
     excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired
     was recorded as excess cost and is being amortized over five years.

     On August 24, 1998, Liberty Media Group purchased 100% of the issued and
     outstanding common stock of Pramer S.A. ("Pramer"), an Argentine
     programming company, for a total purchase price of $97 million, which was
     satisfied by $32 million in cash and the issuance of notes payable in the
     amount of $65 million. Such transaction was accounted for under the
     purchase method. Accordingly, the results of operations of Pramer have been
     included with those of Liberty Media Group since August 24, 1998. The $101
     million excess cost over acquired net assets is being amortized over ten
     years.


                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     On November 19, 1998, Liberty Media Group exchanged, in a merger
     transaction, 10.1 million shares of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media
     Group tracking stock for shares of Tele-Communications International, Inc.
     ("TINTA") common stock not beneficially owned by Liberty Media Group. Such
     transaction was accounted for by Liberty Media Group as an acquisition of
     minority interest in equity of attributed subsidiaries. The aggregate value
     assigned to the shares issued by Liberty Media Group was based upon the
     market value of the Liberty Media Group Series A tracking stock at the time
     the merger was announced. In connection with the issuance of TCI's then
     outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock in such merger transaction,
     Liberty Media Group recorded the total purchase price of $426 million as an
     increase to combined equity.

     On March 1, 1999, UVSG and News Corp. completed a transaction whereby UVSG
     acquired News Corp.'s TV Guide properties, creating a broader platform for
     offering television guide services to consumers and advertisers, and UVSG
     was renamed TV Guide. News Corp. received total consideration of $1.9
     billion including $800 million in cash, 22.5 million shares of UVSG's Class
     A common stock and 37.5 million shares of UVSG's Class B common stock
     valued at an average of $18.65 per share. In addition, News Corp. purchased
     approximately 6.5 million additional shares of UVSG Class A common stock
     for $129 million in order to equalize its ownership with that of Liberty
     Media Group. As a result of these transactions, and another transaction
     completed on the same date, News Corp, Liberty Media Group and TV Guide's
     public stockholders own on an economic basis approximately 44%, 44% and
     12%, respectively, of TV Guide. Following such transactions, News Corp. and
     Liberty Media Group each have approximately 49% of the voting power of TV
     Guide's outstanding stock. In connection with the increase in TV Guide's
     equity, net of dilution of Liberty Media Group's ownership interest in TV
     Guide, Liberty Media Group recognized a gain of $372 million (before
     deducting deferred income taxes of $147 million). Upon consummation,
     Liberty Media Group began accounting for its interest in TV Guide under the
     equity method of accounting.

(9)  Liberty Digital, Inc.

     Effective July 11, 1997, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Liberty Digital (then
     named TCI Music) was merged with and into DMX, Inc. with DMX as the
     surviving corporation (the "DMX Merger"). As a result of the DMX Merger,
     stockholders of DMX became stockholders of TCI Music.

     In connection with the DMX Merger, TCI granted to each stockholder who
     became a stockholder of TCI Music pursuant to the DMX Merger, one right (a
     "Right") with respect to each whole share of TCI Music Series A common
     stock acquired by such stockholder in the DMX Merger pursuant to the terms
     of a Rights Agreement among TCI, TCI Music and the rights agent (the
     "Rights Agreement").

     Each Right entitled the holder to require TCI to purchase from such holder
     one share of TCI Music Series A common stock for $8.00 per share, subject
     to reduction by the aggregate amount per share of any dividend and certain
     other distributions, if any, made by TCI Music to its stockholders, and,
     payable at the election of TCI, in cash, a number of shares of TCI's then
     outstanding TCI Group Series A tracking stock, having an equivalent value
     or a combination thereof, if during the one-year period beginning on the
     effective date of the DMX Merger, the price of TCI Music Series A common
     stock did not equal or exceed $8.00 per share for a period of at least 20
     consecutive trading days.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     Effective with the DMX Merger, TCI beneficially owned approximately 45.7%
     of the outstanding shares of TCI Music Series A common stock and 100% of
     the outstanding shares of TCI Music Series B common stock, which
     represented 89.6% of the equity and 98.7% of the voting power of TCI Music.
     Simultaneously with the DMX Merger, Liberty Media Group acquired the
     TCI-owned TCI Music common stock by agreeing to reimburse TCI for any
     amounts required to be paid by TCI pursuant to TCI's contingent obligation
     under the Rights Agreement to purchase up to 15 million shares (7 million
     of which were owned by Liberty Media Group) of TCI Music Series A common
     stock and issuing an $80 million promissory note (the "Music Note") to TCI.
     Liberty Media Group recorded its contingent obligation to purchase such
     shares under the Rights Agreement as a component of minority interest in
     equity of attributed subsidiaries in the accompanying combined financial
     statements. TCI Music was included in the combined financial results of
     Liberty Media Group as of the date of the DMX Merger. Due to the related
     party nature of the transaction, the $86 million excess of the
     consideration paid over the carryover basis of the TCI Music common stock
     acquired by Liberty Media Group from TCI was reflected as a decrease in
     combined equity. The Music Note was repaid during 1999.

     Prior to the July 1998 expiration of the Rights, Liberty Media Group was
     notified of the tender of 4.9 million shares of TCI Music Series A common
     stock and associated Rights. On August 27, 1998, Liberty Media Group paid
     $39 million to satisfy TCI's obligation under the Rights Agreement. Such
     transaction was recorded as an acquisition of minority interest in equity
     of attributed subsidiaries.

     On September 9, 1999, Liberty Media Group and TCI Music completed a
     transaction (the "Liberty Digital Transaction") pursuant to which Liberty
     Media Group contributed to TCI Music substantially all of its directly held
     internet content and interactive television assets, its rights to provide
     interactive video services on AT&T's cable television systems and a
     combination of cash and notes receivable equal to $150 million. In
     exchange, TCI Music issued common stock and convertible preferred stock to
     Liberty Media Group and was renamed Liberty Digital, Inc.

     During 1999, Liberty Digital issued approximately 4.8 million shares of
     common stock in connection with the conversion of its preferred stock and
     approximately 2.8 million shares of common stock in connection with the
     exercise of certain employee stock options. In connection with the increase
     in Liberty Digital's equity, net of the dilution of Liberty Media Group's
     interest in Liberty Digital, that resulted from such stock issuances,
     Liberty Media Group recorded a $108 million increase to combined equity.

(10) At Home Corporation

     During 1998, @Home completed a public offering of @Home common stock and
     issued 1.2 million shares of common stock in certain acquisitions. As a
     result of the increase in @Home's equity in connection with these stock
     issuances, net of the dilution of Liberty Media Group's ownership interest
     in @Home, Liberty Media Group recognized a gain of $51 million.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     During 1997, @Home issued shares of convertible preferred stock and
     completed its initial public offering of @Home common stock. In connection
     with the increase in @Home's equity, net of the dilution of Liberty Media
     Group's ownership interest in @Home resulting from these stock issuances,
     Liberty Media Group recognized a gain of $60 million during the third
     quarter of 1997.

     In connection with exclusive distribution agreements entered into between
     @Home and certain cable operators, @Home issued warrants to such cable
     operators to purchase shares of @Home's common stock. Of these warrants,
     warrants to purchase 11.2 million shares were exercisable as of December
     31, 1998. During the year ended December 31, 1998, @Home recorded non-cash
     charges of $50 million to operations based on the fair value of 1 million
     shares which were underlying warrants which became exercisable during the
     period. Such charges are included in "cost of distribution agreements" in
     the accompanying combined statements of operations.

(11) Long-Term Debt

     Debt is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     Weighted
                                                                      average
                                                                     interest             December 31,
                                                                       rate            ------------------
                                                                       1999            1999          1998
                                                                     --------          ----          ----
                                                                                    amounts in millions
<S>                                                                 <C>             <C>              <C>
         Parent company debt:
             Bank credit facilities                                    5.7%         $       390            529
             Senior notes (a)                                          7.875%               741             --
             Senior debentures (a)                                     8.5%                 494             --
             Senior exchangeable debentures (b)                        4.0%               1,022             --
                                                                                         ------          -----
                                                                                          2,647            529
         Debt of subsidiaries:
             Bank credit facilities                                    6.2%                 573          1,500
             Convertible subordinated debentures (c)                    --                   --            574
             Other debt, at varying rates                                                    57            293
                                                                                         ------          -----
                                                                                            630          2,367
                                                                                         ------          -----
             Total debt                                                                   3,277          2,896
         Less current maturities                                                            554            578
                                                                                         ------          -----
             Total long-term debt                                                   $     2,723          2,318
                                                                                         ======          =====
</TABLE>


     (a)  On July 7, 1999, Liberty Media Group received net cash proceeds of
          approximately $741 million and $494 million from the issuance of
          7-7/8% Senior Notes due 2009 (the "Senior Notes ") and 8-1/2% Senior
          Debentures due 2029 (the "Senior Debentures "), respectively. The
          Senior Notes, which are stated net of unamortized discount of $9
          million, have an aggregate principal amount of $750 million and the
          Senior Debentures, which are stated net of unamortized discount of $6
          million, have an aggregate principal amount of $500 million. Interest
          on the Senior Notes and the Senior Debentures is payable on January 15
          and July 15 of each year. The proceeds were used to repay outstanding
          borrowings under certain of Liberty Media Group's credit facilities,
          which were subsequently canceled.

                                                                     (continued)
<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     (b)  On November 16, 1999, Liberty Media Group received net cash proceeds
          of $854 million from the issuance of 4% Senior Exchangeable Debentures
          due 2030. The exchangeable debentures have an aggregate principal
          amount of $869 million. Each debenture has a $1,000 face amount and is
          exchangeable at the holder's option for the value of 22.9486 shares of
          Sprint PCS Group Stock (as adjusted for a two-for-one stock split).
          This amount will be paid only in cash until the later of December 31,
          2001 and the date the direct and indirect ownership level of Sprint
          PCS Group Stock owned by Liberty Media Group falls below a designated
          level, after which, at Liberty Media Group's election, Liberty Media
          Group may pay the amount in cash, Sprint PCS Group Stock or a
          combination thereof. Interest on these exchangeable debentures is
          payable on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The carrying amount of
          the exchangeable debentures in excess of the principal amount (the
          "Contingent Portion) is based on the fair value of the underlying
          Sprint PCS Group Stock. The increase or decrease in the Contingent
          Portion is recorded as an increase or decrease to interest expense in
          the combined statement of operations and comprehensive earnings.

     (c)  On April 8, 1999, Liberty Media Group redeemed all of its outstanding
          4-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due February 15, 2005 with
          a principal amount of $345 million. The debentures were convertible
          into shares of AT&T Liberty Media Group Class A tracking stock at a
          conversion price of $23.54, or 42.48 shares per $1,000 principal
          amount. Certain holders of the debentures had exercised their rights
          to convert their debentures and 14.6 million shares of AT&T Liberty
          Media Group tracking stock were issued to such holders. In connection
          with such issuance of AT&T Liberty Media Group tracking stock, Liberty
          Media Group recorded a $354 million increase to combined equity.

     At December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Group had approximately $160 million in
     unused lines of credit under its bank credit facilities. The bank credit
     facilities of Liberty Media Group generally contain restrictive covenants
     which require, among other things, the maintenance of certain financial
     ratios, and include limitations on indebtedness, liens, encumbrances,
     acquisitions, dispositions, guarantees and dividends. Liberty Media Group
     was in compliance with its debt covenants at December 31, 1999.
     Additionally, Liberty Media Group pays fees ranging from .15% to .375% per
     annum on the average unborrowed portions of the total amounts available for
     borrowings under bank credit facilities.

     The U.S. dollar equivalent of the annual maturities of Liberty Media
     Group's debt for each of the next five years are as follows: 2000: $554
     million; 2001: $72 million; 2002: $80 million; 2003: $99 million and 2004:
     $145 million.

     Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of Liberty Media Group's debt
     at December 31, 1999 is as follows (amounts in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                 <C>
                 Senior Notes                                       $      742
                 Senior Debentures                                         506
                 4% Senior Exchangeable Debentures                       1,088
</TABLE>

     Liberty Media Group believes that the carrying amount of the remainder of
     its debt approximated its fair value at December 31, 1999.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


(12) Income Taxes

     Subsequent to the AT&T Merger, Liberty Media Group is included in the
     consolidated federal income tax return of AT&T and party to a tax sharing
     agreement with AT&T (the "AT&T Tax Sharing Agreement"). Liberty Media Group
     calculates its respective tax liability on a separate return basis. The
     income tax provision for Liberty Media Group is calculated based on the
     increase or decrease in the tax liability of the AT&T consolidated group
     resulting from the inclusion of those items in the consolidated tax return
     of AT&T which are attributable to Liberty Media Group.

     Under the AT&T Tax Sharing Agreement, Liberty Media Group will receive a
     cash payment from AT&T in periods when it generates taxable losses and such
     taxable losses are utilized by AT&T to reduce the consolidated income tax
     liability. This utilization of taxable losses will be accounted for by
     Liberty Media Group as a current federal intercompany income tax benefit.
     To the extent such losses are not utilized by AT&T, such amounts will be
     available to reduce federal taxable income generated by Liberty Media Group
     in future periods, similar to a net operating loss carryforward, and will
     be accounted for as a deferred federal income tax benefit.

     In periods when Liberty Media Group generates federal taxable income, AT&T
     has agreed to satisfy such tax liability on Liberty Media Group's behalf up
     to a certain amount. The reduction of such computed tax liabilities will be
     accounted for by Liberty Media Group as an addition to combined equity. The
     total amount of future federal tax liabilities of Liberty Media Group which
     AT&T will satisfy under the AT&T Tax Sharing Agreement is approximately
     $512 million, which represents the tax effect of the net operating loss
     carryforward reflected in TCI's final federal income tax return, subject to
     IRS adjustments. Thereafter, Liberty Media Group is required to make cash
     payments to AT&T for federal tax liabilities of Liberty Media Group.

     To the extent AT&T utilizes existing net operating losses of Liberty Media
     Group, such amounts will be accounted for by Liberty Media Group as a
     reduction of combined equity. During the ten month period ending December
     31, 1999, AT&T utilized net operating losses of Liberty Media Group with a
     tax effected carrying value of $88 million.

     Liberty Media Group will generally make cash payments to AT&T related to
     states where it generates taxable income and receive cash payments from
     AT&T in states where it generates taxable losses.

     Prior to the AT&T Merger, Liberty Media Group was included in TCI's
     consolidated tax return and was a party to the TCI tax sharing agreements.

     Liberty Media Group's obligation under the 1995 TCI Tax Sharing Agreement
     of approximately $139 million (subject to adjustment), which is included in
     "due to related parties," shall be paid at the time, if ever, that Liberty
     Media Group deconsolidates from the AT&T income tax return. Liberty Media
     Group's receivable under the 1997 TCI Tax Sharing Agreement of
     approximately $220 million was forgiven in the AT&T Tax Sharing Agreement
     and recorded as an adjustment to combined equity by Liberty Media Group in
     connection with the AT&T Merger.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


         Income tax benefit (expense) consists of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Current          Deferred            Total
                                                                                  -------          --------            -----
                                                                                              amounts in millions
<S>                                                                            <C>               <C>                  <C>
         Ten months ended December 31, 1999:
             State and local income tax (expense) benefit, including
                intercompany tax allocation                                      $    (3)              152               149
             Federal income tax benefit, including intercompany tax
                allocation                                                            75               873               948
                                                                                 -------           -------           -------
                                                                                 $    72             1,025             1,097
                                                                                 =======           =======           =======

         Two months ended February 28, 1999:
             State and local income tax expense, including intercompany
                tax allocation                                                   $    (1)              (36)              (37)
             Federal income tax expense, including intercompany tax
                allocation                                                            (3)             (169)             (172)
                                                                                 -------           -------           -------
                                                                                 $    (4)             (205)             (209)
                                                                                 =======           =======           =======
         Year ended December 31, 1998:
             State and local income tax expense, including intercompany
                tax allocation                                                   $    (2)             (200)             (202)
             Federal income tax expense, including intercompany tax
                allocation                                                            (1)           (1,190)           (1,191)
             Foreign income tax expense                                               (1)               (3)               (4)
                                                                                 -------           -------           -------
                                                                                 $    (4)           (1,393)           (1,397)
                                                                                 =======           =======           =======
         Year ended December 31, 1997:
             State and local income tax expense, including intercompany
                tax allocation                                                   $    (3)              (32)              (35)
             Federal income tax benefit, including intercompany tax
                allocation                                                           158                12               170
             Foreign income tax (expense) benefit                                     (9)                4                (5)
                                                                                 -------           -------           -------
                                                                                 $   146               (16)              130
                                                                                 =======           =======           =======
</TABLE>


                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     Income tax benefit (expense) differs from the amounts computed by applying
     the U.S. federal income tax rate of 35% as a result of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           New Liberty                                Old Liberty
                                                         ---------------        ----------------------------------------------------
                                                          Ten months            Two months
                                                             ended                 ended                      Years ended
                                                           December 31,          February 28,                 December 31,
                                                         ---------------        --------------               --------------
                                                              1999                  1999                1998                1997
                                                         -------------          -------------      -------------       -------------
                                                                                        amounts in millions
<S>                                                      <C>                    <C>                    <C>                 <C>
Computed expected tax benefit
    (expense)                                                $ 1,092                  (53)              (1,244)                 189
Dividends excluded for income tax
    purposes                                                      11                    6                   16                    8
Minority interest in equity of
    attributed subsidiaries                                       16                    3                   33                    3
Amortization not deductible for
    income tax purposes                                         (122)                  (4)                 (21)                 (10)
State and local income taxes, net of
    federal income taxes                                         102                  (29)                (132)                 (23)
Recognition of difference in income
    tax basis of investments in
    attributed subsidiaries                                       --                 (133)                  (1)                 (10)
Increase in valuation allowance                                   --                   --                  (44)                 (26)
Gain on sale of attributed
    subsidiaries' stock                                           --                   --                   18                   21
Effect of deconsolidations on
    deferred tax expense                                          --                   --                   --                  (11)
Other, net                                                        (2)                   1                  (22)                 (11)
                                                            --------             --------             --------             --------
                                                             $ 1,097                 (209)              (1,397)                 130
                                                            ========             ========             ========             ========
</TABLE>


                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
     portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at
     December 31, 1999 and 1998 are presented below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              New Liberty       Old Liberty
                                                                              -----------       -----------
                                                                                        December 31,
                                                                              -----------------------------
                                                                                  1999               1998
                                                                                --------           --------
                                                                                  amounts in millions
<S>                                                                           <C>               <C>
Deferred tax assets:
    Net operating and capital loss carryforwards                                 $    43              188
    Future deductible amount attributable to accrued stock
       compensation and deferred compensation                                        749              215
    Recognized gain on sale of assets                                                 --              147
    Other future deductible amounts due principally to
       non-deductible accruals                                                        37               16
                                                                                --------         --------
    Deferred tax assets                                                              829              566
       Less valuation allowance                                                       50              139
                                                                                --------         --------
    Net deferred tax assets                                                          779              427
                                                                                --------         --------

Deferred tax liabilities:
    Investments in affiliates, due principally to the application of
       purchase accounting and losses of affiliates recognized for
       income tax purposes in excess of losses recognized for financial
       statement purposes                                                         13,915            4,825
    Intangibles, principally due to differences in
       amortization                                                                  200               --
    Other, net                                                                        21               60
                                                                                --------         --------
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                      14,136            4,885
                                                                                --------         --------

Net deferred tax liabilities                                                     $13,357            4,458
                                                                                ========         ========
</TABLE>


     At December 31, 1999, Liberty Media Group had net operating and capital
     loss carryforwards for income tax purposes aggregating approximately $94
     million which, if not utilized to reduce taxable income in future periods,
     will expire as follows: 2004: $18 million; 2005: $14 million; 2006: $14
     million; 2007: $13 million; 2008: $12 million; and $23 million between 2009
     and 2010. These net operating losses are subject to certain rules limiting
     their usage.

(13) Combined Equity

     Stock Repurchase and Issuances

     In conjunction with a stock repurchase program or similar transaction, the
     issuer may elect to sell put options on its own common stock. Proceeds from
     any sales of puts with respect to TCI's then outstanding TCI Ventures Group
     tracking stock and TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking
     stock have been reflected as an increase to combined equity, and an amount
     equal to the maximum redemption amount under unexpired put options with
     respect to such tracking stocks was reflected as an "obligation to redeem
     common stock" in the accompanying combined balance sheets. At December 31,
     1999 no amounts were outstanding under such arrangements.

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     During the year ended December 31, 1998, pursuant to a stock repurchase
     program, Liberty Media Group repurchased 239,450 shares of TCI's then
     outstanding TCI Ventures Group tracking stock and 766,783 shares of TCI's
     then outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock at an aggregate cost of
     approximately $30 million.

     During the year ended December 31, 1997, pursuant to a stock repurchase
     program, Liberty Media Group repurchased 916,500 shares of TCI's then
     outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock and 338,196 shares of TCI's
     then outstanding TCI Ventures Group tracking stock in open market
     transactions and 219,937 shares of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media
     Group tracking stock from the spouse of an officer and director of TCI at
     an aggregate cost of $22 million.

     Effective July 31, 1997, TCI merged Kearns-Tribune Corporation into a
     wholly-owned TCI subsidiary attributed to TCI Group. TCI exchanged 47.2
     million shares of TCI's then outstanding TCI Group Series A tracking stock
     for shares of Kearns-Tribune Corporation which held 17.9 million shares of
     TCI's then outstanding TCI Group tracking stock and 10.1 million shares of
     TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock. Liberty Media
     Group purchased from TCI Group the 10.1 million shares of TCI's then
     outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock that were acquired in such
     transaction for $168 million.

     During the third quarter of 1997, Liberty Media Group commenced a tender
     offer (the "Liberty Tender Offer") to purchase up to an aggregate of 22.5
     million shares of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group tracking stock
     at a price of $20 per share through October 3, 1997. During the fourth
     quarter of 1997, Liberty Media Group repurchased 21.7 million shares of
     TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group Series A tracking stock and
     82,074 shares of TCI's then outstanding Liberty Media Group Series B
     tracking stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $435 million pursuant
     to the Liberty Tender Offer. All of the above described purchases are
     reflected as a reduction of combined equity in the accompanying combined
     financial statements.

     Transactions with Officers and Directors

     Prior to the AT&T Merger, a limited liability company owned by Dr. John C.
     Malone (Liberty Media Corporation's Chairman) acquired, from certain
     attributed subsidiaries of Liberty Media Group, for $17 million, working
     cattle ranches located in Wyoming. No gain or loss was recognized on such
     acquisition. The purchase price was paid by such limited liability company
     in the form of a 12-month note in the amount of $17 million having an
     interest rate of 7%. Such note was repaid in March 2000.

     In connection with the AT&T Merger, Liberty Media Group paid two of its
     directors and one other individual, all three of whom were directors of
     TCI, an aggregate of $12 million for services rendered in connection with
     the AT&T Merger. Such amount is included in operating, selling, general and
     administrative expenses for the two months ended February 28, 1999 in the
     accompanying combined statements of operations and comprehensive earnings.


                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     On February 9, 1998, in connection with the settlement of certain legal
     proceedings relative to the Estate of Bob Magness (the "Magness Estate"),
     the late founder and former Chairman of the Board of TCI, TCI entered into
     a call agreement with Dr. Malone and Dr. Malone's wife (together with Dr.
     Malone, the "Malones"), and a call agreement with the Estate of Bob
     Magness, the Estate of Betsy Magness, Gary Magness (individually and in
     certain representative capacities) and Kim Magness (individually and in
     certain representative capacities) (collectively, the "Magness Group").
     Under these call agreements, each of the Magness Group and the Malones
     granted to TCI the right to acquire all of the shares of TCI's common stock
     owned by them that entitle the holder to cast more than one vote per share
     (the "High-Voting Shares") upon Dr. Malone's death or upon a contemplated
     sale of the High-Voting Shares (other than a minimal amount) to third
     parties. In either such event, TCI had the right to acquire such shares at
     a price equal to the then market price of shares of TCI's common stock of
     the corresponding series that entitled the holder to cast no more than one
     vote per share (the "Low-Voting Stock"), plus a 10% premium, or in the case
     of a sale, the lesser of such price and the price offered by the third
     party. In addition, each call agreement provides that if TCI were ever to
     be sold to a third party, then the maximum premium that the Magness Group
     or the Malones would receive for their High-Voting Shares would be the
     price paid for shares of the relevant series of Low-Voting Stock by the
     third party, plus a 10% premium. Each call agreement also prohibits any
     member of the Magness Group or the Malones from disposing of their
     High-Voting Shares, except for certain exempt transfers (such as transfers
     to related parties or to the other group or public sales of up to an
     aggregate of 5% of their High-Voting Shares after conversion to the
     respective series of Low-Voting Stock) and except for a transfer made in
     compliance with TCI's purchase right described above. TCI paid $150 million
     to the Malones and $124 million to the Magness Group in consideration of
     their entering into the call agreements, of which an aggregate of $140
     million was allocated to and paid by Liberty Media Group.

     Transactions with AT&T (formerly transactions with TCI), and Other Related
     Parties

     Certain AT&T corporate general and administrative costs are charged to
     Liberty Media Group at rates set at the beginning of the year based on
     projected utilization for that year. Management believes this allocation
     method is reasonable. During the ten months ended December 31, 1999, the
     two months ended February 28, 1999 and the years ended December 31, 1998
     and 1997 Liberty Media Group was allocated less than $1 million, $2
     million, $13 million and $13 million, respectively, in corporate general
     and administrative costs by AT&T. These costs are included in charges from
     related parties in the accompanying combined statements of operations and
     comprehensive earnings.

     Subsidiaries of Liberty Media Group lease satellite transponder facilities
     from a subsidiary of AT&T. Charges for such arrangements and other related
     operating expenses for the ten months ended December 31, 1999 aggregated
     $20 million and are included in charges from related parties in the
     accompanying combined statements of operations and comprehensive earnings.


                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     During 1999, 1998 and 1997, Liberty Media Group made marketing support
     payments to AT&T. Charges by AT&T for such arrangements for the ten months
     ended December 31, 1999, the two months ended February 28, 1999 and the
     years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997 aggregated $4 million, less than $1
     million, $5 million and $19 million, respectively, and are included in
     charges from related parties in the accompanying combined statements of
     operations and comprehensive earnings.

     The Puerto Rico Subsidiary purchases programming services from AT&T. The
     charges, which approximate AT&T's cost and are based on the aggregate
     number of subscribers served by the Puerto Rico Subsidiary, aggregated $6
     million and $1 million during the ten months ended December 31, 1999, the
     two months ended February 28, 1999, respectively, and $6 million for each
     of the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997, and are included in
     operating expenses in the accompanying combined statements of operations
     and comprehensive earnings.

     In connection with the AT&T Merger, warrants to buy 3 million shares of
     common stock of CSG Systems International, Inc. ("CSG") and related
     registration rights were transferred to Liberty Media Group. On April 13,
     1999, AT&T purchased these warrants from Liberty Media Group for an
     aggregate purchase price of $75 million along with the related registration
     rights. The vesting of the CSG warrants is contingent on AT&T meeting
     certain subscriber commitments to CSG. If any warrants do not vest, Liberty
     Media Group must repurchase the unvested warrants from AT&T, with interest
     at 6% from April 12, 1999. Accordingly, Liberty Media Group has recorded
     the unvested CSG warrants as deferred income until such time as the CSG
     warrants vest.

     During September 1998, TCI assigned its obligation under an option contract
     to Liberty Media Group. As a result of such assignment, Liberty Media Group
     recorded a $16 million reduction to the intercompany amount due to TCI and
     a corresponding increase to combined equity.

     Cablevision purchases programming services from certain Liberty Media Group
     affiliates. The related charges generally are based upon the number of
     Cablevision's subscribers that receive the respective services. During the
     year ended December 31, 1997, such charges aggregated $12 million.
     Additionally, certain of Cablevision's general and administrative functions
     are provided by Liberty Media Group. The related charges, which generally
     are based upon the respective affiliate's cost of providing such functions,
     aggregated $2 million during the year ended December 31, 1997. The
     above-described programming and general and administrative charges were
     included in operating costs in the accompanying combined statements of
     operations and comprehensive earnings.

     During July 1997, AT&T entered into a 25 year affiliation agreement with
     Starz Encore Group (the "EMG Affiliation Agreement") pursuant to which AT&T
     will pay monthly fixed amounts in exchange for unlimited access to all of
     the existing Encore and STARZ! services.

     Liberty Digital and AT&T entered into an Amended and Restated Contribution
     Agreement to be effective as of July 11, 1997 which provides, among other
     things, for AT&T to deliver, or cause certain of its subsidiaries to
     deliver to Liberty Digital fixed monthly payments (subject to inflation and
     other adjustments) through 2017.


                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     During the third quarter of 1997, Liberty Media Group sold certain assets
     (the "SUMMITrak Assets") to CSG for cash consideration of $106 million,
     plus five-year warrants to purchase up to 1.5 million shares of CSG common
     stock at $24 per share and $12 million in cash, once certain numbers of TCI
     affiliated customers are being processed on a CSG billing system. In
     connection with the sale of the SUMMITrak Assets, TCI committed to purchase
     billing services from CSG through 2012. In light of such commitment,
     Liberty Media Group has reflected the $30 million excess (after deducting
     deferred income taxes of $17 million) of the cash received over the book
     value of the SUMMITrak Assets as an increase to combined equity.

     During the fourth quarter of 1997, Liberty Media Group's remaining assets
     in TCI SUMMITrak of Texas, Inc. and TCI SUMMITrak L.L.C. were transferred
     to TCI in exchange for a $19 million reduction of the amount owed by
     Liberty Media Group to TCI. Such transfer was accounted for at historical
     cost due to the related party nature of the transaction.

     Due to Related Parties

     The components of "Due to related parties" are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      New Liberty        Old Liberty
                                                                      -----------        -----------
                                                                              December 31,
                                                                      ------------------------------
                                                                         1999                 1998
                                                                      -----------        -----------
                                                                           amounts in millions
<S>                                                                 <C>                      <C>
         Notes payable to TCI, including accrued interest
                                                                          $  --                   141
         Intercompany account                                                27                   556
                                                                          -----                ------
                                                                          $  27                   697
                                                                          =====                ======
</TABLE>


     The non-interest bearing intercompany account includes certain stock
     compensation allocations (in Old Liberty) and income tax allocations that
     are to be settled at some future date. Stock compensation liabilities of
     New Liberty are classified as a separate component of current liabilities.
     All other amounts included in the intercompany account are to be settled
     within thirty days following notification.

     Amounts outstanding at December 31, 1998 under notes payable to TCI had
     varying rates of interest. During the second quarter of 1998, TCI made a
     contribution to Liberty Media Group of $5 million, which was used to reduce
     the amount due under the Music Note.


                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


(14) Other Comprehensive Earnings

     Accumulated other comprehensive earnings included in Liberty Media Group's
     combined balance sheets and combined statements of equity reflect the
     aggregate of foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized
     holding gains and losses on securities classified as available-for-sale.
     The change in the components of accumulated other comprehensive earnings,
     net of taxes, is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       Accumulated
                                                                 Foreign                                  other
                                                                currency         Unrealized           comprehensive
                                                               translation        gains  on           earnings, net
                                                               adjustments       securities             of taxes
                                                               -----------       ----------           -------------
                                                                              amounts in millions
<S>                                                          <C>              <C>                      <C>
         Balance at January 1, 1997                           $         25               16                    41
         Other comprehensive earnings (loss)                           (22)             749                   727
                                                              ------------    -------------            ----------
         Balance at December 31, 1997                                    3              765                   768
         Other comprehensive earnings                                    3            2,947                 2,950
                                                              ------------    -------------            ----------
         Balance at December 31, 1998                                    6            3,712                 3,718
         Other comprehensive earnings (loss)                           (15)             971                   956
                                                              ------------    -------------            ----------
         Balance at February 28, 1999                         $         (9)           4,683                 4,674
                                                              ============    =============            ==========


         Balance at March 1, 1999                             $         --               --                    --
         Other comprehensive earnings                                   60            6,497                 6,557
                                                              ------------    -------------            ----------
         Balance at December 31, 1999                         $         60            6,497                 6,557
                                                              ============    =============            ==========
</TABLE>




                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     The components of other comprehensive earnings are reflected in Liberty
     Media Group's combined statements of operations and comprehensive earnings,
     net of taxes and reclassification adjustments for gains realized in net
     earnings (loss). The following table summarizes the tax effects and
     reclassification adjustments related to each component of other
     comprehensive earnings.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              Tax
                                                                           Before-tax      (expense)      Net-of-tax
                                                                             amount         benefit         amount
                                                                           ----------      ---------      ----------
                                                                                       amounts in millions
<S>                                                                       <C>                 <C>         <C>
         Ten months ended December 31, 1999:
         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         $          99           (39)              60
                                                                          -------------       --------    ------------

         Unrealized gains on securities:
              Unrealized holding gains arising during period
                                                                                 10,736        (4,246)           6,490
              Less: reclassification adjustment for losses realized in
                  net loss                                                           12            (5)               7
                                                                          -------------       --------    ------------
              Net unrealized gains                                               10,748        (4,251)           6,497
                                                                          -------------       --------    ------------
         Other comprehensive earnings                                     $      10,847        (4,290)           6,557
                                                                          =============       ========    ============

         Two months ended February 28, 1999:
         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         $         (25)           10              (15)
         Unrealized gains on securities:
              Unrealized holding gains arising during period
                                                                                  1,606          (635)             971
                                                                          -------------       --------    ------------
         Other comprehensive earnings                                     $       1,581          (625)             956
                                                                          =============       ========    ============
         Year ended December 31, 1998:
         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         $           5            (2)               3
         Unrealized gains on securities:
              Unrealized holding gains arising during period
                                                                                  4,875        (1,928)           2,947
                                                                          -------------       --------    ------------
         Other comprehensive earnings                                     $       4,880        (1,930)           2,950
                                                                          =============       ========    ============

         Year ended December 31, 1997:
         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         $         (36)           14              (22)
         Unrealized gains on securities:
              Unrealized holding gains arising during period
                                                                                  1,239          (490)             749
                                                                          -------------       --------    ------------
         Other comprehensive earnings                                     $       1,203          (476)             727
                                                                          =============       ========    ============
</TABLE>



                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


(15) Commitments and Contingencies

     Starz Encore Group provides premium programming distributed by cable,
     direct satellite, TVRO and other distributors throughout the United States.
     Starz Encore Group is obligated to pay fees for the rights to exhibit
     certain films that are released by various producers through 2017 (the
     "Film Licensing Obligations"). Based on customer levels at December 31,
     1999, these agreements require minimum payments aggregating approximately
     $900 million. The aggregate amount of the Film Licensing Obligations under
     these license agreements is not currently estimable because such amount is
     dependent upon the number of qualifying films released theatrically by
     certain motion picture studios as well as the domestic theatrical
     exhibition receipts upon the release of such qualifying films.
     Nevertheless, required aggregate payments under the Film Licensing
     Obligations could prove to be significant.

     Flextech has undertaken to finance the working capital requirements of a
     joint venture (the "Principal Joint Venture") formed with BBC Worldwide,
     and is obligated to provide the Principal Joint Venture with a primary
     credit facility of (pound sterling)88 million and, subject to certain
     restrictions, a standby credit facility of (pound sterling)30 million. As
     of December 31, 1999, the Principal Joint Venture had borrowed (pound
     sterling)53 million under the primary credit facility. If Flextech defaults
     in its funding obligation to the Principal Joint Venture and fails to cure
     within 42 days after receipt of notice from BBC Worldwide, BBC Worldwide is
     entitled, within the following 90 days, to require that Liberty Media Group
     assume all of Flextech's funding obligations to the Principal Joint
     Venture.

     Liberty Media Group has guaranteed various loans, notes payable, letters of
     credit and other obligations (the "Guaranteed Obligations") of certain
     affiliates. At December 31, 1999, the Guaranteed Obligations aggregated
     approximately $655 million. Currently, Liberty Media Group is not certain
     of the likelihood of being required to perform under such guarantees.

     Liberty Media Group leases business offices, has entered into pole rental
     and transponder lease agreements and uses certain equipment under lease
     arrangements. Rental expense under such arrangements amounts to $30
     million, $18 million, $98 million and $84 million for the ten months ended
     December 31, 1999, the two months ended February 28, 1999 and the years
     ended December 31, 1998 and 1997, respectively.

     A summary of future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating
     leases as of December 31, 1999 follows (amounts in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  Years ending December 31:
<S>                                                       <C>
                        2000                              $      21
                        2001                                     18
                        2002                                     16
                        2003                                     16
                        2004                                     13
                        Thereafter                               21
</TABLE>

                                                                     (continued)

<PAGE>

                              "LIBERTY MEDIA GROUP"
         (a combination of certain assets, as defined in notes 1 and 2)


     It is expected that in the normal course of business, leases that expire
     generally will be renewed or replaced by leases on other properties; thus,
     it is anticipated that future minimum lease commitments will not be less
     than the amount shown for 2000.

     Liberty Media Group has contingent liabilities related to legal proceedings
     and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Although it
     is reasonably possible Liberty Media Group may incur losses upon conclusion
     of such matters, an estimate of any loss or range of loss cannot be made.
     In the opinion of management, it is expected that amounts, if any, which
     may be required to satisfy such contingencies will not be material in
     relation to the accompanying combined financial statements.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
