<page> 21
fourth quarter outlook

capacity  for american is expected to be up approximately six  percent
in  the  fourth quarter of 2002 compared to last year's fourth quarter
levels,  and  down 13 percent from the fourth quarter  of  2000.
amr  eagle's fourth quarter capacity will be up about ten percent from
last  year's levels, and down one percent from the fourth  quarter  of
2000.  for the fourth quarter of 2002, the company expects traffic  to
be  up  approximately thirteen percent from last year's fourth quarter
levels, and down 15 percent from the fourth quarter of 2000.  pressure
to  reduce costs will continue, although the company will continue  to
see  higher benefit and security costs, increased insurance  premiums,
and  greater interest expense. in addition, the company expects to see
a 23 percent increase in fuel prices as compared to the fourth quarter
of  2001  and  a continued decline in commission expense  due  to  the
commission  changes implemented earlier in 2002.  in total, american's
unit  costs, excluding special charges, for the fourth quarter of 2002
are  expected to be down approximately three percent from last  year's
fourth  quarter level.  notwithstanding the expected decrease in  unit
costs  however, given the revenue pressures expected to continue  into
the  fourth quarter and the current level of fuel prices, the  company
expects  to incur a significant loss in the fourth quarter, likely  in
excess of the third quarter loss excluding special charges.

in  response to these financial challenges, the company is  continuing
its  comprehensive  review of its business to better  align  its  cost
structure  with  the current revenue environment, aimed  at  improving
productivity, simplifying operations and reducing costs.

in  addition, on august 13, 2002, the company announced  a  series  of
short-  and  long-  term  initiatives  to  reduce  its  costs,  reduce
capacity,  simplify  its  aircraft fleet,  and  enhance  productivity.
these  initiatives  include, among other  things,  de-peaking  of  the
company's  dallas/fort worth international airport hub (following  the
de-peaking  of  its  chicago hub in april 2002) by scheduling  flights
into  and  out of the hub more continuously, with flights  spread  out
more  evenly through the day; gradually phasing out operation  of  its
fokker  aircraft fleet by 2005; and reducing capacity  in  the  fourth
quarter of 2002.  by de-peaking its dallas/fort worth and chicago hubs
the  company  believes  it can more productively  use  its  employees,
gates, and aircraft.  in addition, the company announced that it would
reduce  an estimated 7,000 jobs by march 2003 to realign its workforce
with  the planned capacity reductions, fleet simplification,  and  hub
restructurings.  american subsequently announced that it expects  full
year  capacity  for  2003 to be down about three  percent  from  2002,
giving  effect  to the capacity reduction described  above.   although
american  expects these initiatives to improve efficiency  and  reduce
operating costs, there can be no assurance that these initiatives will
be successful or sufficient.

other risk factors

as  a  result  of weak domestic and international economic conditions,
reduced  fares, and the terrorist attacks of september 11,  2001,  the
airline  industry as a whole suffered substantial losses in 2001,  and
is  expected to suffer significant losses for 2002.  many airlines, in
addition  to american, have announced reductions in capacity,  service
and workforce in response to the industry-wide reductions in passenger
demand and yields.  in addition, since september 11, 2001 several  air
carriers  have  sought to reorganize under chapter 11  of  the  united
states  bankruptcy code, including us airways, inc. (us airways),  the
seventh  largest  domestic  air carrier.  more  recently,  united  air
lines,  inc.  (united), the second largest domestic air  carrier,  has
publicly  stated  that, if it is not able to realize substantial  cost
savings from its current cost savings initiatives, it may be forced to
reorganize under the bankruptcy code.  successful completion  of  such
reorganizations   could   present  american  with   competitors   with
significantly  lower operating costs derived from labor,  supply,  and
financing   contracts  renegotiated  under  the  protection   of   the
bankruptcy code.  in addition, historically, air carriers involved  in
reorganizations have undertaken substantial fare discounting in  order
to  maintain  cash  flows and to enhance continued  customer  loyalty.
such  fare  discounting could further lower yields for  all  carriers,
including  american.   further, the market  value  of  aircraft  would
likely  be  negatively impacted if a number of air carriers, including
us airways and united, seek to reduce capacity by eliminating aircraft
from their fleets.

moreover,  the  increased  threat  of  u.s.  military  involvement  in
overseas  operations  (including,  for  example,  the  hostilities  in
afghanistan  and  the threat of war with iraq) could have  a  material
adverse  impact  on  the  company's business, financial  position
(including access to capital markets) and results of operations and on
the airline industry in general.

                                  -19-

<page> 22
forward-looking information

statements  in this report contain various forward-looking  statements
within  the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of  1933,  as
amended,  and section 21e of the securities exchange act of  1934,  as
amended,  which  represent  the  company's  expectations  or   beliefs
concerning future events.  when used in this document and in documents
incorporated  herein  by  reference,  the  words  "expects,"  "plans,"
"anticipates,"  "believes," and similar expressions  are  intended  to
identify forward-looking statements.  other forward-looking statements
include  statements  which do not relate solely to  historical  facts,
such  as,  without limitation, statements which discuss  the  possible
future  effects  of  current known trends or uncertainties,  or  which
indicate  that  the  future effects of known trends  or  uncertainties
cannot  be  predicted,  guaranteed or  assured.   all  forward-looking
statements in this report are based upon information available to  the
company  on  the  date  of  this report.  the  company  undertakes  no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement,
whether  as  a result of new information, future events or  otherwise.
forward-looking  statements are subject to a number  of  factors  that
could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.
additional information concerning these and other factors is contained
in the company's securities and exchange commission filings, including
but not limited to the 2001 form 10-k.

item 3.  quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk

there  have  been  no  material  changes  in  market  risk  from   the
information   provided  in  item  7a.  quantitative  and   qualitative
disclosures about market risk of the 2001 form 10-k.

item 4.  controls and procedures

an  evaluation  was  performed  under the  supervision  and  with  the
participation  of  the  company's  management,  including  the   chief
executive  officer  (ceo) and chief financial officer  (cfo),  of  the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the company's  disclosure
controls and procedures within 90 days before the filing date of  this
quarterly report.  based on that evaluation, the company's management,
including  the  ceo  and cfo, concluded that the company's  disclosure
controls   and  procedures  were  effective.   there  have   been   no
significant  changes in the company's internal controls  or  in  other
factors  that could significantly affect internal controls  subsequent
to their evaluation.

                                   -20-

<page> 23
part ii:  other information

item 1.  legal proceedings

on  july  26, 1999, a class action lawsuit was filed, and in  november
1999 an amended complaint was filed, against amr corporation, american
airlines,  inc.,  amr  eagle holding corporation,  airlines  reporting
corporation,  and the sabre group holdings, inc. in the united  states
district  court  for  the  central  district  of  california,  western
division  (westways  world travel, inc. v. amr corp.,  et  al.).   the
lawsuit  alleges that requiring travel agencies to pay debit memos  to
american for violations of american's fare rules (by customers of  the
agencies) (1) breaches the agent reporting agreement between  american
and  amr  eagle and the plaintiffs, (2) constitutes unjust enrichment,
and  (3)  violates the racketeer influenced and corrupt  organizations
act  of 1970 (rico).  the as yet uncertified class includes all travel
agencies  who have been or will be required to pay money  to  american
for  debit memos for fare rules violations from july 26, 1995  to  the
present.   the  plaintiffs seek to enjoin american from enforcing  the
pricing  rules in question and to recover the amounts paid  for  debit
memos,  plus treble damages, attorneys' fees, and costs.  the  company
intends  to  vigorously  defend  the lawsuit.   although  the  company
believes  that  the  litigation is without  merit,  an  adverse  court
decision could impose restrictions on the company's relationships with
travel agencies which restrictions could have an adverse impact on the
company.

on  may 13, 1999, the united states (through the antitrust division of
the  department  of justice) sued amr corporation, american  airlines,
inc.,  and amr eagle holding corporation in federal court in  wichita,
kansas.  the  lawsuit alleges that american unlawfully monopolized  or
attempted  to  monopolize  airline  passenger  service  to  and   from
dallas/fort  worth  international airport (dfw) by increasing  service
when  new  competitors began flying to dfw, and by matching these  new
competitors'  fares.   the  department  of  justice  seeks  to  enjoin
american  from engaging in the alleged improper conduct and to  impose
restraints  on  american to remedy the alleged  effects  of  its  past
conduct.   on april 27, 2001, the u.s. district court for the district
of kansas granted american's motion for summary judgment.  on june 26,
2001,  the  u.s.  department  of  justice  appealed  the  granting  of
american's motion for summary judgment, and on september 23, 2002, the
parties presented oral arguments to the 10th circuit court of appeals,
which  has not yet issued its decision.  the company intends to defend
the  lawsuit  vigorously.   a final adverse  court  decision  imposing
restrictions on the company's ability to respond to competitors  would
have an adverse impact on the company.

between  may  14,  1999 and june 7, 1999, seven class action  lawsuits
were  filed against amr corporation, american airlines, inc., and  amr
eagle  holding  corporation in the united  states  district  court  in
wichita,  kansas  seeking  treble  damages  under  federal  and  state
antitrust laws, as well as injunctive relief and attorneys' fees (king
v. amr corp., et al.; smith v. amr corp., et al.; team electric v. amr
corp., et al.; warren v. amr corp., et al.; whittier v. amr corp.,  et
al.; wright v. amr corp., et al.; and youngdahl v. amr corp., et al.).
collectively,   these   lawsuits  allege  that   american   unlawfully
monopolized  or attempted to monopolize airline passenger  service  to
and  from dfw by increasing service when new competitors began  flying
to  dfw,  and by matching these new competitors' fares.   two  of  the
suits   (smith  and  wright)  also  allege  that  american  unlawfully
monopolized  or attempted to monopolize airline passenger  service  to
and from dfw by offering discounted fares to corporate purchasers,  by
offering  a frequent flyer program, by imposing certain conditions  on
the  use  and availability of certain fares, and by offering  override
commissions  to  travel agents. the suits propose to  certify  several
classes  of  consumers,  the broadest of  which  is  all  persons  who
purchased tickets for air travel on american into or out of  dfw  from
1995  to the present.  on november 10, 1999, the district court stayed
all  of these actions pending developments in the case brought by  the
department of justice (see above description). as a result, to date no
class has been certified. the company intends to defend these lawsuits
vigorously. one or more final adverse court decisions imposing restrictions
on the company's ability to respond to competitors or awarding  substantial
money damages would have an adverse impact on the company.

                                  -21-
<page> 24
item 1.  legal proceedings (continued)

on  may  17,  2002,  the named plaintiffs in hall, et  al.  v.  united
airlines, et al., pending in the united states district court for  the
eastern  district  of  north  carolina,  filed  an  amended  complaint
alleging that between 1995 and the present, american and over 15 other
defendant  airlines conspired to reduce commissions paid to u.s.-based
travel agents in violation of section 1 of the sherman act. the  court
granted  class action certification to the plaintiff on september  17,
2002,  defining the plaintiff class as all travel agents in the united
states, puerto rico, and the united states virgin islands, who, at any
time   from   october  1,  1997,  to  the  present,  issued   tickets,
miscellaneous change orders, or prepaid ticket advices for  travel  on
any  of the defendant airlines.  american is vigorously defending  the
lawsuit.   trial  is  set for april 29, 2003.  a final  adverse  court
decision awarding substantial money damages or placing restrictions on
the  company's commission policies or practices would have an  adverse
impact on the company.

on april 26, 2002, six travel agencies filed albany travel co., et al.
v.  orbitz, llc, et al., in the united states district court  for  the
central  district  of california against american, united  air  lines,
delta air lines, and orbitz, llc, alleging that american and the other
defendants:  (i)  conspired to prevent travel agents  from  acting  as
effective  competitors  in  the distribution  of  airline  tickets  to
passengers  in  violation  of  section  1  of  the  sherman  act;  and
(ii)  conspired to monopolize the distribution of common  carrier  air
travel between airports in the united states in violation of section 2
of the sherman act.  the named plaintiffs seek to certify a nationwide
class of travel agents, but no class has yet been certified.  american
is  vigorously defending the lawsuit, which  is set for trial july  9,
2003.  a  final  adverse  court decision  awarding  substantial  money
damages   or   placing  restrictions  on  the  company's  distribution
practices would have an adverse impact on the company.

on  april  25,  2002, a collection of 38 quebec travel agencies  filed
voyages  montambault  (1989),  inc.  v.  international  air  transport
association,  et al., seeking a declaratory judgment of  the  superior
court  in  montreal,  canada  that  american  and  the  other  airline
defendants owe a "fair and reasonable commission" to the agencies, and
that  american  and  the  other  airline defendants  breached  alleged
contracts with these agencies by adopting policies of not paying  base
commissions.   the  defendants  are the  international  air  transport
association,  the  air  transport association, air  canada,  american,
america  west,  delta  air lines, grupo taca,  northwest  airlines/klm
airlines,  united  air  lines, us airways, and  continental  airlines.
american  is  vigorously defending the lawsuit. a final adverse  court
decision  granting  declaratory relief could  expose  the  company  to
claims  for substantial money damages or force the company to  pay
agency commissions, either of which would have an  adverse impact
on the company.

on may 13, 2002, the named plaintiffs in always travel, et. al. v. air
canada,  et.  al.,  pending  in the federal  court  of  canada,  trial
division,  montreal, filed a statement of claim alleging that  between
1995 and the present, american, the other defendant airlines, and  the
international   air   transport  association   conspired   to   reduce
commissions  paid  to  canada-based  travel  agents  in  violation  of
section  45  of  the competition act of canada.  the named  plaintiffs
seek to certify a nationwide class of travel agents, but no class  has
yet been certified.  american is vigorously defending the lawsuit.   a
final  adverse  court decision awarding substantial money  damages  or
placing  restrictions on the company's commission policies would  have
an adverse impact on the company.

on  august 14, 2002, a class action lawsuit was filed against american
airlines,  inc.  in the united states district court for  the  central
district  of  california,  western division  (all  world  professional
travel  services,  inc.  v.  american airlines,  inc.).   the  lawsuit
alleges  that  requiring  travel  agencies  to  pay  debit  memos  for
refunding  tickets after september 11, 2001:  (1) breaches  the  agent
reporting  agreement between american and plaintiff;  (2)  constitutes
unjust  enrichment;  and  (3) violates the  racketeer  influenced  and
corrupt  organizations  act of 1970 (rico).  the  as  yet  uncertified
class includes all travel agencies who have or will be required to pay
moneys  to  american for an "administrative service charge,"  "penalty
fee," or other fee for processing refunds on behalf of passengers  who
were unable to use their tickets in the days immediately following the
tragedies  on  september  11, 2001.  the  plaintiff  seeks  to  enjoin
american  from collecting the debit memos and to recover  the  amounts
paid  for  the debit memos, plus treble damages, attorneys' fees,  and
costs.    the  company  intends  to  vigorously  defend  the  lawsuit.
although the company believes that the litigation is without merit, an
adverse  court  decision could impose restrictions  on  the  company's
relationships  with travel agencies which restrictions could  have  an
adverse impact on the company.

                                 -22-
<page> 25
item 1.  legal proceedings (continued)

on   august  19,  2002,  a  u.s.  travel  agency  filed  power  travel
international, inc. v. american airlines, inc., et al.,  in  new  york
state  court against american, continental airlines, delta air  lines,
jetblue  airways,  united air lines, and northwest airlines,  alleging
that  american and the other defendants breached their contracts  with
the  agency  as well as the duty of good faith and fair  dealing  when
these carriers at various times reduced base commissions to zero.  the
plaintiff seeks to certify a nationwide class of travel agents, but no
class has yet been certified. the plaintiff dismissed jetblue from the
lawsuit,  and  the  remaining defendants removed the  lawsuit  to  the
united  states district court for the southern district of  new  york.
american  is vigorously defending the lawsuit.  a final adverse  court
decision awarding substantial money damages or forcing the company  to
pay agency commissions would have an adverse impact on the company.

miami-dade   county  (the  county)  is  currently  investigating   and
remediating   various   environmental   conditions   at   the    miami
international airport (mia) and funding the remediation costs  through
landing  fees  and various cost recovery methods.  american  airlines,
inc.  and amr eagle have been named as potentially responsible parties
(prps)  for  the contamination at mia.  during the second  quarter  of
2001,  the  county  filed a lawsuit against 17  defendants,  including
american airlines, inc., in an attempt to recover its past and  future
cleanup  costs (miami-dade county, florida v. advance cargo  services,
inc.,  et  al. in the florida circuit court).  in addition to  the  17
defendants named in the lawsuit, 243 other agencies and companies were
also  named as prps and contributors to the contamination.  american's
and  amr  eagle's  portion of the cleanup costs cannot  be  reasonably
estimated due to various factors, including the unknown extent of  the
remedial actions that may be required, the proportion of the cost that
will  ultimately  be  recovered  from  the  responsible  parties,  and
uncertainties   regarding  the  environmental   agencies   that   will
ultimately  supervise the remedial activities and the nature  of  that
supervision.  the company is vigorously defending the lawsuit.

item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k

the following exhibits are included herein:

12  computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the  three
    and nine months ended september 30, 2002 and 2001.

99  certification pursuant to section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley  act
    of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title
    18, united states code).

form 8-ks filed under item 5 - other events

       on  july 17, 2002, amr filed a report on form 8-k to provide  a
press  release issued on july 17, 2002 to report the company's  second
quarter 2002 earnings.

      on august 13, 2002, amr filed a report on form 8-k to provide  a
press release issued on august 13, 2002 to announce the next series of
short- and long-term initiatives to further position american for long-
term competitiveness and profitability.

     on  september 13, 2002, amr filed a report on form 8-k to provide
actual unit cost, fuel, traffic and capacity results for the months of
july  and  august 2002, along with current expectations for  september
and the fourth quarter of 2002.


form 8-ks furnished under item 9 - regulation fd disclosure

     on  july  9, 2002, amr furnished a report on form 8-k to announce
amr's  intent  to  host a conference call on july 17,  2002  with  the
financial community relating to its second quarter 2002 earnings.

   on july 30, 2002, amr furnished a report on form 8-k to provide the
statements  under  oath  of its principal executive  officer  and  its
principal financial officer regarding facts and circumstances relating
to exchange act filings.

                                -23-
<page> 26
item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k (continued)

    on  august 22, 2002, amr furnished a report on form 8-k to provide
an update of system capacity expectations for the remainder of 2002 by
month in addition to the full year expectation for 2003.

    on  september  23, 2002, amr furnished a report  on  form  8-k  to
provide  information regarding a presentation by don  carty,  chairman
and ceo of amr, to the society of airline analysts.

    on  september  23, 2002, amr furnished a report  on  form  8-k  to
provide  a  correction to the time provided in the form 8-k  furnished
earlier on september 23, 2002.


<page> 27










signature

pursuant  to the requirements of the securities exchange act of  1934,
the registrant has duly caused this amended report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


                               amr corporation




date:  october 18, 2002        by: /s/ jeffrey c. campbell
                               jeffrey c. campbell
                               senior vice president and chief
                               financial officer




<page> 28

certifications

i, donald j. carty, certify that:

1.    i  have  reviewed  this quarterly report on  form  10-q  of  amr
  corporation;

2.   based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any
  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
  necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
  under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
  the period covered by this quarterly report;

3.    based  on  my  knowledge, the financial  statements,  and  other
  financial  information  included in this  quarterly  report,  fairly
  present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
  operations  and  cash flows of the registrant as of,  and  for,  the
  periods presented in this quarterly report;

4.    the registrant's other certifying officers and i are responsible
  for  establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
  (as  defined  in  exchange  act rules 13a-14  and  15d-14)  for  the
  registrant and we have:

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure  that
  material  information  relating  to the  registrant,  including  its
  consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
  entities,  particularly during the period in  which  this  quarterly
  report is being prepared;

b)    evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure
  controls  and  procedures as of a date within 90 days prior  to  the
  filing date of this quarterly report (the "evaluation date"); and

c)    presented  in  this quarterly report our conclusions  about  the
  effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our
  evaluation as of the evaluation date;

5.    the registrant's other certifying officers and i have disclosed,
  based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and
  the  audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or  persons
  performing the equivalent function):

a)    all  significant  deficiencies in the  design  or  operation  of
  internal  controls  which  could adversely affect  the  registrant's
  ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data  and
  have identified for the registrant's auditors any material weaknesses
  in internal controls; and

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management  or
  other  employees  who  have a significant role in  the  registrant's
  internal controls; and

6.    the  registrant's other certifying officers and i have indicated
  in this quarterly report whether or not there were significant changes
  in  internal  controls or in other factors that could  significantly
  affect  internal controls subsequent to the date of our most  recent
  evaluation,  including  any  corrective  actions  with   regard   to
  significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

date:  october 18, 2002            /s/ donald j. carty
                                   donald j. carty
                                   chairman and chief executive officer









                                   -26-


<page> 29


certifications (continued)

i, jeffrey c. campbell, certify that:

1.    i  have  reviewed  this quarterly report on  form  10-q  of  amr
  corporation;

2.   based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any
  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
  necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
  under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
  the period covered by this quarterly report;

3.    based  on  my  knowledge, the financial  statements,  and  other
  financial  information  included in this  quarterly  report,  fairly
  present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
  operations  and  cash flows of the registrant as of,  and  for,  the
  periods presented in this quarterly report;

4.    the registrant's other certifying officers and i are responsible
  for  establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
  (as  defined  in  exchange  act rules 13a-14  and  15d-14)  for  the
  registrant and we have:

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure  that
  material  information  relating  to the  registrant,  including  its
  consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
  entities,  particularly during the period in  which  this  quarterly
  report is being prepared;

b)    evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  registrant's  disclosure
  controls  and  procedures as of a date within 90 days prior  to  the
  filing date of this quarterly report (the "evaluation date"); and

c)    presented  in  this quarterly report our conclusions  about  the
  effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our
  evaluation as of the evaluation date;

5.    the registrant's other certifying officers and i have disclosed,
  based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and
  the  audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or  persons
  performing the equivalent function):

a)    all  significant  deficiencies in the  design  or  operation  of
  internal  controls  which  could adversely affect  the  registrant's
  ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data  and
  have identified for the registrant's auditors any material weaknesses
  in internal controls; and

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management  or
  other  employees  who  have a significant role in  the  registrant's
  internal controls; and

6.    the  registrant's other certifying officers and i have indicated
  in this quarterly report whether or not there were significant changes
  in  internal  controls or in other factors that could  significantly
  affect  internal controls subsequent to the date of our most  recent
  evaluation,  including  any  corrective  actions  with   regard   to
  significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

date:  october 18, 2002            /s/ jeffrey c. campbell
                                   jeffrey c. campbell
                                   senior vice president and chief
                                   financial officer






                                -27-



























</page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page>