<page>


      costs. anacomp estimates that total expenditures on its year 2000 project,
including costs of outside  parties such as consultants and attorneys,  costs of
hardware  and software  remediation,  internal  labor,  travel and out of pocket
expenses to be  approximately  $0.3, $2.3, and $1.2 million in fiscal year 1997,
1998,  and  1999,  respectively.   these  figures  include  estimates  from  the
engineering,  manufacturing, legal and information technology departments of the
company.

      risks.  there can be no  assurance  that the  company  and its vendors and
suppliers will be able to identify all year 2000 issues before problems manifest
themselves or to complete all  remediation in the required time frame.  further,
it is possible  that the future level of expenses in the  company's  remediation
efforts could rise significantly.

      the company  relies upon the  continuous  provision of services from third
parties such as electrical and telecommunication utilities around the world, and
the company plans to enhance its electronic data transmission capabilities.  any
sustained  disruption  of  service  or  capability  could  adversely  impact the
company's  ability to operate its business.  finally,  there can be no assurance
that,  if left  unremedied,  the products or services  that the company sells or
distributes would remain competitive in the marketplace or the products that the
company uses internally would not have a material effect upon the ability of the
company to report its financial results.

      contingency  plans. in those  instances where the company  determines that
year 2000  problems  with its  operational  facilities  may not be identified or
remediated in time, the company believes that its business will still be able to
function without substantial interruption. for example, com services provided in
a data center which  experiences a loss of power due to a third party  utility's
failure to identify or remediate an isolated  year 2000 problem could be shifted
to another data center without substantial interruption. in addition, electronic
transmission  of data  could be  replaced  with  manual  delivery  of data  upon
completion of certain  modifications.  in those instances where an installed com
customer  experiences a year 2000 problem while operating its own com equipment,
anacomp  could offer its com services to the customer at one of its data centers
upon  completion  of  certain  modifications.  this  seamless  nature of many of
anacomp's products and services forms the basis of anacomp's ongoing contingency
planning.


item 3.  quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks

      the company does not have any significant financial instruments other than
fixed rate debt.  the  company's  revolving  credit  facility is affected by the
general level of u.s. interest rates and/or the libor rate. however, the company
had no amounts  outstanding under this revolving credit facility on december 31,
1998.



<page>


                      part ii - other information

item 1.       legal proceedings

      the company and its  subsidiaries  are  potential or named  defendants  in
several  lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary  course of business.  while
the outcome of such claims,  lawsuits or other  proceedings  against the company
cannot be predicted with certainty,  management expects that such liability,  to
the extent not provided  for through  insurance  or  otherwise,  will not have a
material adverse effect on the financial  conditions or results of operations of
the company.

      on august 29, 1997, access solutions  international,  inc. ("asi") filed a
complaint for patent infringement in the u.s. district court,  district of rhode
island, against data/ware development,  inc. ("data/ware"),  of which anacomp is
the successor by merger, and the eastman kodak company ("kodak").  the complaint
seeks injunctive relief and unspecified damages,  including attorney's fees, for
the alleged  infringement  by data/ware and kodak of asi's united states letters
patent no. 4,775,969 for "optical disk storage format,  method and apparatus for
emulating a magnetic  tape drive" and no.  5,034,914  for "optical  disk storage
method and  apparatus  with  buffered  interface."  the  company has assumed the
defense  of this  matter on behalf of both  data/ware  and kodak,  although  the
company  has  also  requested   indemnification   from  the  principal   selling
shareholder of data/ware.  discovery in this matter continues, with any trial to
occur probably not before the third calendar quarter of 1999. although there can
be no assurance as to the eventual outcome of this matter,  the company believes
that it has numerous meritorious defenses that it intends to pursue vigorously.

item 2.  changes in securities and use of proceeds

(c)   unregistered securities

      pursuant to the 1996 non-employee  director stock option plan (amended and
restated  as of december 1,  1997),  non-employee  directors  of the company may
elect to receive their annual  retainer in the form of options to acquire common
stock of the company. pursuant to such elections,  during the three-month period
ending  december  31, 1998,  an aggregate of 1,875  options was granted to three
directors in lieu of aggregate cash compensation of $9,375. the issuance of such
options was effected in reliance upon the private placement  exemption set forth
in section 4 (2) of the securities act of 1933, as amended,  on the basis of the
directors'  familiarity  with  the  business  and  affairs  of the  company.  no
underwriting fees or discounts were applicable to the transactions.  the options
are first exercisable six months after the date of grant and remain  exercisable
through the tenth anniversary of the grant date, at an exercise price of $11.375
per share.

item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k

(a)   exhibit 27.1  -  financial data schedule

(b)    the  company  filed no  reports  on form 8-k  during  the  quarter  ended
       december 31, 1998.




<page>


                              signatures



pursuant  to the  requirements  of the  securities  exchange  act of  1934,  the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                                anacomp, inc.



                                                /s/ donald l. viles
                                                donald l. viles
                                                executive vice
                                          president and
                                                  chief financial
                                          officer
date: february 10, 1999

</page></page></page>