<c>
part i.    financial information

           item 1.  financial statements

                    condensed consolidated statements of operations (unaudited)
                    for the three months ended march 31, 1999 and march 31, 1998......................  2

                    condensed consolidated balance sheets (unaudited)
                    as of march 31, 1999 and december 31, 1998........................................  3

                    condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited)
                    for the three months ended march 31, 1999 and march 31, 1998......................  4

                    notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited)..................  5

           item 2.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition
                    and results of operations......................................................... 18

part ii.   other information

           item 1.  legal proceedings................................................................. 29
           item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k.................................................. 32

signature............................................................................................. 33

</c><page>

item 2. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
        of operations

         the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and the related
footnotes included in this quarterly report on form 10-q/a, as well as the
consolidated financial statements, related footnotes and management's discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's
annual report on form 10-k/a for the year ended december 31, 1998.

1998 acquisitions

         on march 30, 1998, the company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary,
acquired approximately 81% of the total number of then outstanding shares of
common stock of coleman from a subsidiary of m&amp;f;, in exchange for 14,099,749
shares of the company's common stock and approximately $160 million in cash. in
addition, the company assumed approximately $1,016 million in debt. immediately
thereafter, as a result of the exercise of employee stock options, sunbeam's
indirect beneficial ownership of coleman decreased to approximately 79% of the
total number of the outstanding shares of coleman common stock. the company's
agreement for the acquisition of the remaining publicly held coleman shares
pursuant to a merger transaction provides that the remaining coleman
shareholders will receive:

         o   approximately 6.7 million shares of sunbeam common stock (0.5677
             share for each outstanding coleman share); and,

         o   approximately $87 million in cash ($6.44 for each outstanding
             coleman share and the cash-out of unexercised coleman options for
             an amount equal to the difference between $27.50 per share and the
             exercise price of such options).

the company expects to complete the coleman merger during the second half of
1999, although there can be no assurance that the merger will occur during that
time. see note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for
information regarding the settlement claims relating to the coleman acquisition,
the terms of which provide for the issuance at the time of the merger of
warrants to purchase up to 4.98 million shares of sunbeam's common stock at $7
per share.

         on october 21, 1998, the company announced that it had entered into a
memorandum of understanding to settle, subject to court approval, class action
claims made by minority shareholders of coleman relating to the coleman merger.
under the terms of the proposed settlement, if approved by the court, the
company will issue to the coleman public shareholders, and plaintiff's counsel
in this action, warrants to purchase up to 4.98 million shares of the company's
common stock at a cash exercise price of $7.00 per share, subject to certain
anti-dilution provisions. these warrants would generally have the same terms as
the warrants issued to a subsidiary of m&amp;f; and will be issued when the coleman
merger is consummated. issuance of these warrants will be accounted for as
additional purchase consideration. there can be no assurance that the court will
approve the settlement as proposed.

         on april 6, 1998, the company completed the cash acquisitions of first
alert, a leading manufacturer of smoke and carbon monoxide detectors, and
signature brands, a leading manufacturer of consumer and professional products.
the first alert and the signature brands acquisitions were valued at
approximately $182 million (including $133 million of cash and $49 million of
assumed debt) and $255 million (reflecting cash paid, including the required
retirement or defeasance of debt), respectively.

         the acquisitions were recorded under the purchase method of accounting
and accordingly, the financial position and results of operations of each
acquired entity are included in the condensed consolidated financial statements
from the respective dates of acquisition. the purchase prices of the acquired
entities have been allocated to individual assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on estimates of fair values (determined by independent appraisals)
at the dates of acquisition.

three months ended march 31, 1999 compared to three months ended march 31, 1998

         results of operations for the three months ended march 31, 1999 include
 the results of the three acquired companies for the entire period as compared
 to results of operations for the three months ended march 31, 1998, which only
 included the results of coleman from march 30, 1998. the acquired entities
 generated net sales of $347.8 million for the three months ended march 31,
 1999, with a corresponding gross margin of $99.9 million, or 28.7% of net
 sales. selling, general and administrative ("sg&amp;a;") costs recorded by the
 acquired entities were $84.7 million in the period, yielding operating income
 of $15.2 million. results for the first quarter of 1998 included net sales from
 coleman of approximately $15 million, with a corresponding gross margin of
 approximately $4 million, and sg&amp;a; expenses of approximately $4 million.

         for the acquired entities, net sales for the three months ended march
31, 1999 were approximately $30 million higher than their results for the full
first quarter a year ago. this increase was attributable to increased net sales
at coleman (approximately $26 million) and signature brands (approximately $5
million), partially offset by a decrease in net sales at first alert
(approximately $1 million). excluding the revenue of coleman's safety and
security business and spa business, both of which were sold in 1998, coleman's
net sales in the first three months of 1999 would have been approximately $47
million higher than the same period in 1998. the increase in coleman net sales
is reflective of strong retail replenishment demand in its outdoor recreation
products as compared with unusually weak retail replenishment demand in the
first quarter of 1998. additionally, increased generator revenues attributable
to increased awareness of power shortages from poor weather conditions and other
events contributed to the higher net sales. excluding: (i)

                                       18
<page>

the effects of purchase accounting of approximately $9 million recognized in
1999; (ii) acquisition costs of approximately $18 million which were incurred in
the first quarter of 1998; and (iii) approximately $3 million of costs recorded
in 1999 related to year 2000 compliance efforts, operating profit for these
three companies improved by approximately $36 million as compared to the same
period in the prior year, resulting primarily from higher net sales and a
reduction in expenses largely attributable to reduced headcount and the
centralization of certain management and administration functions, resulting
from the acquisition by sunbeam.

         consolidated net sales for the three months ended march 31, 1999 were
$523.9 million, an increase of $276.3 million versus the three months ended
march 31, 1998. after excluding $347.8 million of net sales generated by the
acquired entities in the 1999 period and approximately $15 million in the 1998
period, as discussed above, net sales of $176.1 million decreased approximately
24% from net sales of $233.0 million in 1998. the company believes the decrease
in product sales were largely driven by increases in retail inventory levels
from channel loading which took place in the first quarter of 1998, but not in
the 1999 period. the adverse effect of the 1998 channel loading was partially
offset by lower estimated provisions for customer returns and customer
allowances of approximately $7 million.

         domestic sales, excluding the acquired companies, declined
approximately 15% or $26 million from 1998. the company believes this sales
decline is attributable to the channel loading that took place in the first
quarter of 1998 versus no similar loading in the same period in 1999. the
channel loading that took place in 1998 led to relatively lower sales of
appliances, primarily blenders, breadmakers, handmixers and irons in 1999, as
well as lower sales of outdoor cooking products. partially offsetting the
adverse effects of channel loading was a benefit from reduced costs in 1999 from
customer returns and allowances.

         international sales, excluding the acquired companies, represented 17%
of net sales for 1999 and decreased approximately $31 million as compared with
the net sales for the same period a year ago. the company believes this sales
decline was largely attributable to the previously discussed impact of
increasing retail inventory levels in the first quarter of 1998. sales were also
adversely impacted in 1999 by a decision to stop selling to certain export
distributors in latin america. additionally, poor economic conditions in that
region contributed to lower sales in 1999.

         excluding the effect of the gross margin generated from the inclusion
of the acquired entities' operations of $99.9 million in 1999 and approximately
$4 million in 1998, as discussed above, gross margin was $23.2 million or 13.2%
of sales for 1999 versus a gross margin of $29.7 million or 12.7% of net sales
for 1998. lower sales volume and unfavorable manufacturing efficiencies
resulting from lower production levels in 1999 accounted for approximately $18
million of the change between years. this was partially offset by a lower
relative rate of product returns, reduced customer allowances of approximately
$7 million, and improved product mix of approximately $2 million during the
first quarter of 1999 as compared to the same period in 1998.

         excluding the effects of: (i) $84.7 million of sg&amp;a; charges in 1999 and
approximately $4 million in 1998 resulting from the inclusion of the acquired
entities; (ii) approximately $31 million of 1998 compensation expense recorded
in connection with new employment agreements with the three former senior
officers; (iii) a $3.0 million benefit in 1998 from the reversal of reserves no
longer required, and (iv) $5.3 million of costs recorded in the 1999 period
related to year 2000 compliance efforts, sg&amp;a; expenses were approximately $47.9
million in the first quarter of 1999, 22.0% higher than the same period in 1998.
this increase of approximately $9 million is primarily due to an increase in
corporate administrative costs of approximately $5 million, reflecting
additional personnel and related relocation, travel and related costs and
increases in postretirement benefit costs. increases in insurance and higher
costs associated with outside services account for the remainder of the increase
in sg&amp;a.;

         operating results for the first quarters of 1999 and 1998 for the
sunbeam business before the 1998 acquisitions on a comparable basis as described
above, were a loss of $24.7 million in 1999 and a loss of $9.6 million in 1998.
on the same basis, operating margins as a percent of net sales decreased to a
loss of 15.0% from a loss of 4.1% in the prior year. this change resulted from
the factors discussed above.

         interest expense increased from $5.1 million in the first quarter of
1998 to $41.9 million in the first quarter of 1999 primarily related to higher
borrowing levels in 1999 resulting from borrowings for the acquisitions that
were outstanding for the entire quarter.

         other expense, net of $0.8 million for the first three months of 1999
included approximately $1.0 million relating to liquidating damages expensed
related to holders of the zero coupon convertible senior subordinated debentures
due 2018 (the "debentures") (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements), partially offset by favorable foreign exchange. other expense, net
of $3.2 million for the first three months of 1998 primarily represents foreign
exchange losses, largely arising from sunbeam's operations in mexico.

         the minority interest reported in 1999 relates to the minority interest
held in coleman by minority shareholders.

         the company provided for deferred tax expense in 1999 primarily due to
taxable income in foreign jurisdictions. deferred tax assets resulting from
operating losses, incurred predominantly in domestic jurisdictions, were
recorded and valuation allowances were established for substantially all such
deferred tax assets. the company's losses and related valuation allowances
caused the reported tax rate to differ from the statutory rate.

         on july 12, 1999, the company acquired 3,000,000 shares of a newly
created series of coleman voting preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price
of approximately $31 million. these shares, together with the shares of coleman
common stock the company owns, enable sunbeam to exercise 80.01% of the total
voting power of coleman's outstanding capital stock as of july 12, 1999. this
class of preferred stock was created by coleman and acquired by the company in
order to enable coleman and the company to file

                                       19
<page>

consolidated federal income tax returns, and in certain jurisdictions,
consolidated state income tax returns, prior to the consummation of the coleman
merger. in connection with the issuance of the shares of preferred stock, the
company entered into a tax sharing agreement with coleman, pursuant to which
coleman will pay to sunbeam amounts equal to the federal and state income taxes
that would have been payable by coleman had coleman not been included in the
consolidated income tax return of the company. the net proceeds from the
issuance of the shares by coleman of its voting preferred stock to coleman
worldwide were used by coleman to make a partial repayment of loans outstanding
from sunbeam under the intercompany note. (see note 10 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.) in 1998, the company prepaid an industrial
revenue bond related to its hattiesburg facility. in connection with this early
extinguishment of debt, the company recognized an extraordinary charge of $8.6
million, consisting primarily of redemption premiums ($7.8 million) and
unamortized deferred financing costs ($0.8 million).

foreign operations

         approximately 75% of the company's business is conducted in u.s.
 dollars (including both domestic sales, u.s. dollar denominated export sales,
 primarily to certain latin american markets, asian sales and the majority of
 european sales). the company's non-u.s. dollar denominated sales are made
 principally by subsidiaries in europe, canada, japan, latin america and mexico.
 mexico reverted to a hyperinflationary status for accounting purposes in 1997;
 therefore, translation adjustments related to mexican net monetary assets were
 included as a component of net (loss) earnings. mexico is not considered
 hyperinflationary as of january 1, 1999. this change in mexico's
 hyperinflationary status is not expected to have a material effect on the
 company's financial results. translation adjustments resulting from the
 company's non-u.s. denominated subsidiaries have not had a material impact on
 the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

         while revenues generated in asia have traditionally not been
significant, economic instability in this region is expected to have a negative
effect on earnings. economic instability and the political environment in latin
america have also affected sales in that region. it is anticipated that sales in
and exports to these regions will continue to be impacted so long as the
economic environments in those regions remain unsettled.

         on a limited basis, the company selectively uses derivatives (foreign
exchange option and forward contracts) to manage foreign exchange exposures that
arise in the normal course of business. no derivative contracts are entered into
for trading or speculative purposes. the use of derivatives has not had a
material impact on the company's financial results.

seasonality

         sunbeam's consolidated sales are not expected to exhibit substantial
seasonality; however, sales are expected to be strongest during the second
quarter of the calendar year. furthermore, sales of a number of products,
including warming blankets, vaporizers, humidifiers, grills, first alert
products, camping and generator products may be impacted by unseasonable weather
conditions.

liquidity and capital resources

debt instruments

         in order to finance the acquisition of coleman, first alert and
signature brands and to refinance substantially all of the indebtedness of the
company and the three acquired companies, the company consummated an offering in
march 1998 of zero coupon debentures having a yield to maturity of 5%
(approximately $2,014 million principal amount at maturity), which resulted in
approximately $730 million of net proceeds and borrowed about $1,325 million
under its new bank credit facility.

         the debentures are exchangeable for shares of the company 's common
stock at an initial conversion rate of 6.575 shares for each $1,000 principal
amount at maturity of the debentures, subject to adjustments upon occurrence of
specified events. the debentures are subordinated in right of payment to all
existing and future senior indebtedness of the company. the debentures are not
redeemable by the company prior to march 25, 2003. on or after such date, the
debentures are redeemable for cash with at least 30 days notice, at the option
of the company. the company is required to purchase debentures at the option of
the holder as of march 25, 2003, march 25, 2008 and march 25, 2013, at purchase
prices equal to the issue price plus accrued original discount to such dates.
sunbeam may, at its option, elect to pay any such purchase price in cash or
common stock or any combination thereof. however, the bank credit facility
prohibits the company from redeeming or repurchasing debentures for cash. the
company was required to file a registration statement with the sec to register
the debentures by june 23, 1998. this registration statement was filed on
february 4, 1999 and the sec has not declared the registration statement
effective. the company 's failure to file the registration statement by june 23,
1998 did not constitute default under the terms of the debentures. as part of
the normal review process by the sec, a number of comments have been made by the
staff of the division of corporation finance relating to the registration
statement and the restated 1996 and 1997 financial statements included therein.
the company has filed amendments to this registration statement. from june 23,
1998 until the registration statement is declared effective, the company is
required to pay to the debenture holders cash liquidated damages accruing, for
each day during such period, at a rate per annum equal to 0.25% during the first
90 days and 0.50% thereafter multiplied by the total of the issue price of the
debentures plus the original issue discount thereon on such day. the company
made its first payment of approximately $500,000 to the debenture holders on
september 25, 1998 and an additional $2 million was paid on march 25, 1999. an
additional cash payment of

                                       20
<page>

approximately $2 million, representing the company's liability to debenture
holders through june 30, 1999, was paid on september 25, 1999.

         concurrent with the acquisitions, the company replaced its $250 million
syndicated unsecured five-year revolving credit facility with the bank credit
facility. the bank credit facility provided for aggregate borrowings of up to
$1.7 billion and in addition to other customary covenants, required the company
to maintain specified consolidated leverage, interest coverage and fixed charge
coverage ratios as of the end of each fiscal quarter occurring after march 31,
1998 and on or prior to the latest stated maturity date for any of the
borrowings under the bank credit facility.

         as a result of, among other things, its operating losses incurred
during the first half of 1998, the company did not achieve the specified
financial ratios for june 30, 1998 and it appeared unlikely that the company
would achieve the specified financial ratios for september 30, 1998.
consequently, the company and its lenders entered into an agreement dated as of
june 30, 1998 that waived through december 31, 1998 all defaults arising from
the failure of the company to satisfy the specified financial ratios for june
30, 1998 and september 30, 1998. pursuant to an agreement with the company dated
as of october 19, 1998, the company 's lenders extended all of the waivers under
the june 30 agreement through april 10, 1999 and also waived through such date
all defaults arising from any failure by the company to satisfy the specified
financial ratios for december 31, 1998. as part of the october 19, 1998
agreement, the company agreed to a minimum monthly earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") covenant (as defined in the bank
credit facility) which covenant the company had been able to satisfy.

         on april 10, 1999, among other things, the lenders extended all of the
waivers set forth in the october 19, 1998 agreement through april 15, 1999. on
april 15, 1999, the company and its lenders entered into a comprehensive
amendment to the bank credit facility that, among other things, extended all of
the waivers under the april 10, 1999 agreement until april 10, 2000 and waived
until such date all defaults arising from any failure by the company to satisfy
the specified financial ratios for any fiscal quarter end occurring during 1999
and for march 31, 2000. following is a description of the significant terms of
the bank credit facility as amended april 15, 1999. as part of the april 15,
1999 bank credit facility amendment, the company agreed to a minimum cumulative
ebitda covenant that is based on post-december 31, 1998 consolidated ebitda and
is tested at the end of each month occurring on or prior to march 31, 2000, as
well as a covenant limiting the amount of revolving loans (other than those used
to fund the coleman merger) that may be outstanding under the bank credit
facility as of the end of each such month. the minimum cumulative ebitda was
initially $6.3 million for the period january 1, 1999 through april 30, 1999 and
generally grows on a monthly basis until it reaches $121.0 million for the
period from january 1, 1999 through march 31, 2000.

the bank credit facility provides for aggregate borrowings of up to $1.7 billion
through:

         o   a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up
             to $400.0 million maturing march 30, 2005, $52.5 million of which
             may only be used to complete the coleman merger;

         o   up to $800.0 million in term loans maturing on march 30, 2005, of
             which $35.0 million may only be used to complete the coleman
             merger; and

         o   a $500.0 million term loan maturing september 30, 2006, of which
             $5.0 million has already been repaid through june 30, 1999.

         as of march 31, 1999, approximately $1.5 billion was outstanding and
approximately $0.1 billion was available for borrowing under the bank credit
facility. the remaining $0.1 billion of the $1.7 billion bank credit facility
was committed for outstanding letters of credit.

         under the bank credit facility, interest accrues, at the company 's
option:

         o   at the london interbank offered rate ("libor");

         o   or at the base rate of the administrative agent which is generally
             the higher of the prime commercial lending rate of the
             administrative agent or the federal funds rate plus 0.50%;

in each case plus an interest margin which is currently 4.00% for libor
borrowings and 2.50% for base rate borrowings. the interest margin is subject to
potential decreases in the future, including a decrease to 3.00% for libor loans
and 1.75% for base rate loans upon consummation of the coleman merger and the
effectiveness of the pledge of substantially all of coleman's and its domestic
subsidiaries' assets to secure the obligations under the bank credit facility.

         under the terms of the april 15, 1999 amendment to the bank credit
facility, the company is obligated to pay the bank lenders a loan commitment fee
of between 0.25% to 1.00% of the commitments under the bank credit facility as
of april 15, 1999. the percentage used to calculate the fee will be determined
by reference to the bank lenders' aggregate commmitments and loan exposure under
the bank credit facility as they may be reduced on or before september 30, 2000.
the fee is payable on the earlier of september 30, 2000 and the date the
commitments are terminated and the loans and other amount payable under the bank
credit facility are repaid. (see note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

                                       21
<page>

         borrowings under the bank credit facility are secured by a pledge of
the stock of the company's material subsidiaries, including coleman, and by a
security interest in substantially all of the assets of the company and its
material domestic subsidiaries, other than coleman and its material subsidiaries
except as described below. currently, coleman's inventory and related assets are
pledged to secure its obligations for letters of credit issued for its account
under the bank credit facility. additionally, as security for coleman's note
payable to the company, coleman pledged substantially all of its domestic
assets, other than real property, including 66% of the stock of its direct
foreign subsidiaries and domestic holding companies for its foreign subsidiaries
and all of the stock of its other direct domestic subsidiaries but not the
assets of coleman's subsidiaries. the pledge runs in favor of the company 's
lending banks, to which the coleman note has been pledged as security for the
company 's obligations to them. upon completion of the coleman merger,
substantially all of coleman's assets and the assets of coleman's domestic
subsidiaries will be pledged to secure the obligations under the bank credit
facility.

         in addition, borrowings under the bank credit facility are guaranteed
by a number of the company 's wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries and
these subsidiary guarantees are secured as described above. upon completion of
the coleman merger, coleman and each of its united states subsidiaries will
become guarantors of the obligations under the bank credit facility. to the
extent extensions of credit are made to any subsidiaries of the company, the
obligations of such subsidiaries are guaranteed by the company.

         in addition to the above described financial ratios and tests, the bank
credit facility contains covenants customary for credit facilities of a similar
nature, including limitations on the ability of the company and its
subsidiaries, including coleman, to, among other things:

         o   declare dividends or repurchase stock;
         o   prepay, redeem or repurchase debt, incur liens and engage in
             sale-leaseback transactions;
         o   make loans and investments;
         o   incur additional debt (including revolving loans under the bank
             credit facility);
         o   amend or otherwise alter material agreements or enter into
             restrictive agreements;
         o   make capital and year 2000 compliance expenditures;
         o   engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales;
         o   engage in transactions with specified affiliates;
         o   settle specified litigation;
         o   alter its cash management system; and
         o   alter the businesses they conduct.

sunbeam is also required to comply with specified financial covenants and
ratios.

       the bank credit facility provides for events of default customary for
transactions of this type, including nonpayment, misrepresentation, breach of
covenant, cross-defaults, bankruptcy, material adverse change arising from
compliance with erisa, material adverse judgments, entering into guarantees and
change of ownership and control. it is also an event of default under the bank
credit facility if the company 's registration statement in connection with the
coleman merger is not declared effective by the sec on or before october 30,
1999 (effective as of october 25, 1999, the bank lenders agreed to extend this
date to november 30, 1999), or if the merger does not occur within 25 business
days of the effectiveness of the registration statement or if the cash
consideration--including any payments on account of the exercise of any
appraisal rights, but excluding related legal, accounting and other customary
fees and expenses--to consummate the coleman merger exceeds $87.5 million.
although there can be no assurance, the company anticipates that it will satisfy
these conditions. furthermore, the bank credit facility requires the company to
prepay term loans under the bank credit facility on each of september 30, 1999
and december 31, 1999 to the extent that cash on hand in the company 's
concentration accounts plus the aggregate amount of unused revolving loan
commitments on these dates (excluding, for the september measurement date, $52.5
million reserved for the coleman merger), exceeds $115 million and $125 million,
respectively, but the company is not required to prepay more than $69.3 million
in the aggregate as a result of the provision.

         unless waived by the bank lenders, the failure of the company to
satisfy any of the financial ratios and tests contained in the bank credit
facility or the occurrence of any other event of default under the bank credit
facility would entitle the bank lenders to (a) receive a 2.00% increase in the
interest rate applicable to outstanding loans and increase the trade letter of
credit fees to 1.00% and (b) accelerate the maturity of the outstanding
borrowings under the bank credit facility and exercise all or any of their other
rights and remedies. any such acceleration or other exercise of rights and
remedies would likely have a material adverse effect on the company.

         the bank credit facility also includes provisions for the deferral of
the 1999 scheduled term loan payments of $69.3 million until april 10, 2000 as a
result of the satisfaction by the company on may 14, 1999 of the agreed upon
conditions to the deferral. (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

cash  flows

         as of march 31, 1999, the company had cash and cash equivalents of
$46.2 million, working capital excluding cash and cash equivalents of $385.5
million and total debt of $2.3 billion. cash used in operating activities during
the first quarter of 1999 was $57.5 million compared to $134.7 million in the
first quarter of 1998. this change is primarily attributable to working capital
improvements partially offset by lower earnings after giving effect to non-cash
charges. the majority of the working capital improvements are attributable

                                       22
<page>


the company's management of inventory levels and accounts receivable.
inventories and receivables increased $65.9 million and $57.1 million,
respectively, in the first quarter of 1998 as compared to $20.9 million and
$35.8 million, respectively, in the first quarter of 1999. in 1998, the company
built inventory levels in anticipation of sales volumes that did not materialize
and offered extended credit terms to its customers. the increase in inventory
during the first quarter of 1999 is largely due to the seasonal inventory build
in the company's outdoor leisure division. the company participates in an
accounts receivable securitization program to finance a portion of its accounts
receivable. (see note 4 of notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

         in the first quarter of 1999, cash used in investing activities was
driven by capital expenditures of $16.3 million, primarily for information
systems and equipment and tooling for new products. capital spending in the
comparable 1998 period was $19.5 million and was primarily for capacity
expansion initiatives, including the neosho grill manufacturing facility, and
equipment and tooling for new products. the new product capital spending in the
1998 period principally related to the appliance category and included costs
related to water and air filtration products, blenders, standmixers and irons.
cash used in investing activities in the first quarter of 1998 reflects $160.6
million for the acquisition of approximately 81% of coleman. the company
anticipates 1999 capital spending to be approximately 4% to 5% of net sales,
primarily related to information systems and related support, including
expenditures for year 2000 readiness, new product introductions and capacity
additions.

         cash provided by financing activities totaled $58.7 million in the
first quarter of 1999 and reflects net borrowings under the company's new credit
facility. cash provided by financing activities in the first quarter of 1998 was
$456.1 million and reflects net proceeds from the debentures of $729.6 million,
the cancellation and repayment of all outstanding balances under the company's
$250 million september 1996 revolving credit facility, the repayment of certain
coleman debt and the early extinguishment of the $75.0 million hattiesburg bond.
in addition, cash provided by financing activities is net of $25.1 million of
financing fees related to the company's $1.7 billion new credit facility and
$19.0 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options. (see note 3 to the
condensed consolidated financial statements.)

         at march 31, 1999, standby and commercial letters of credit aggregated
$75.1 million and were predominately for insurance, pension, environmental,
workers' compensation, and international trade activities. in addition, as of
march 31, 1999, surety bonds with a contract value of $66.5 million were
outstanding largely for the company's pension plans and as a result of
litigation judgments that are currently under appeal. for additional information
relating to the debentures, the bank credit facility and the repayment of debt,
see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

         the company expects to acquire the remaining equity interest in coleman
pursuant to a merger transaction in which the existing coleman minority
shareholders will receive 0.5677 of a share of the company's common stock, $6.44
in cash for each share of coleman common stock outstanding and warrants to
purchase common stock of the company at a cash exercise price of $7.00 per
share. in addition, unexercised options under coleman's stock option plans will
be cashed out at a price per share equal to the difference between $27.50 and
the exercise price of such options. the company expects to issue approximately
6.7 million shares of common stock and expend approximately $87 million in cash,
including cash paid to option holders, to complete the coleman transaction.
under a proposed settlement of certain litigation relating to the coleman
merger, the company will also issue warrants to purchase up to 4.98 million
shares of the company's common stock to the coleman public stockholders and the
plaintiff's litigation counsel upon consummation of the coleman merger.although
there can be no assurance, it is anticipated that the coleman merger will occur
in the second half of fiscal 1999.

         the company believes its borrowing capacity under the new credit
facility, cash flow from the combined operations of the company and its acquired
companies, existing cash and cash equivalent balances, and its receivable
securitization program will be sufficient to support working capital needs,
capital and year 2000 compliance spending, and debt service through april 10,
2000. the company intends to negotiate with its lenders on an amendment to the
new credit facility, negotiate with its lenders on further waiver of such
covenants and other terms or refinance the new credit facility. any decisions
with respect to such amendment, waiver, or refinancing will be made based on a
review from time to time of the advisability of particular transactions. there
can be no assurance that an amendment, further waiver of existing covenants and
other terms, or refinancing will be entered into by april 10, 2000. the failure
to obtain such an amendment, further waiver or debt refinancing would likely
result in violation of the existing covenants and compliance with other terms,
which would permit the bank lenders to accelerate the maturity of all
outstanding borrowings under the new credit facility. accordingly, debt related
to the new credit facility and all debt containing cross-default provisions will
be classified as current in the condensed consolidated balance sheet in the
second quarter of 1999.

         in may 1998, the nyse advised the company that it did not meet the
continuing listing standards of the nyse because the company did not have
tangible net assets of at least $12 million and average annual net income of at
least $0.6 million for 1995, 1996 and 1997. representatives from the company met
with nyse officials, and in march 1999, the nyse informed the company that the
company's common stock would not be delisted at that time, although the nyse
would, however, continue to monitor sunbeam's financial condition and
operations. on august 5, 1999, the nyse advised the company that the nyse had
revised its continuing listing standards, and that the company is in compliance
with the revised standards.

         in april 1999, the nyse advised coleman that it did not meet the nyse's
continuing listing standards because coleman did not have tangible net assets of
at least $12 million as of september 30, 1998 and average annual net income of
at least $0.6 million for 1995, 1996 and 1997. at that time, coleman requested
the nyse to continue to list the coleman common stock until completion of the
merger. the nyse subsequently advised coleman that coleman also failed to
satisfy certain non-financial continuing listing standards.

                                       23
<page>

on august 5, 1999, the nyse advised coleman that the nyse had revised its
continuing listing standards, and that coleman is in compliance with the revised
financial standards. coleman and the nyse have agreed upon a program whereby
coleman will correct the deficiencies in its non-financial continuing listing
standards by the end of 1999. coleman is currently complying with such program.
if coleman were to be delisted from the nyse, it would adversely affect
coleman's ability to sell its capital stock to third parties or use its capital
stock as collateral for loans. sunbeam's bank credit facility currently
restricts coleman from taking such actions.

         by letter dated june 17, 1998, the staff of the division of enforcement
of the sec advised the company that it was conducting an informal inquiry into
the company 's accounting policies and procedures and requested that the company
produce documents. on july 2, 1998, the sec issued a formal order of private
investigation, designating officers to take testimony and pursuant to which a
subpoena was served on sunbeam requiring the production of documents. on
november 4, 1998, the company received another sec subpoena requiring the
production of additional documents. the company has provided numerous documents
to the sec staff and continues to cooperate with the sec staff. the company has,
however, declined to provide the sec with material that the company believes is
subject to the attorney-client privilege and the work product immunity. the
company cannot predict the term of such investigation or its potential outcome.

         the company is involved in significant litigation, including class and
derivative actions, relating to events which led to the restatement of its
consolidated financial statements, the issuance of the macandrews &amp; forbes
warrant, the sale of the debentures and the employment agreements of messrs.
dunlap and kersh. sunbeam intends to vigorously defend each of the actions, but
cannot predict the outcome and is not currently able to evaluate the likelihood
of the company 's success in each case or the range of potential loss. however,
if the company were to lose these suits, judgments would likely have a material
adverse effect on the company 's financial position, results of operations and
cash flows. additionally, the company's insurance carriers have filed various
suits requesting a declaratory judgment that the directors' and officers'
liability insurance policies for excess coverage was invalid and/or had been
properly canceled by the carriers or have advised sunbeam of their intent to
deny coverage under such policies. the company intends to pursue recovery from
all of its insurers if damages are awarded against the company or its
indemnified officers and/or directors under any of the foregoing actions and to
recover attorneys' fees covered under those policies. the company 's failure to
obtain such insurance recoveries following an adverse judgment against the
company on any of the foregoing actions could have a material adverse effect on
the company 's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

         amounts accrued for litigation matters represent the anticipated costs
(damages and/or settlement amounts) in connection with pending litigation and
claims and related anticipated legal fees. the costs are accrued when it is both
probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and
the amount can be reasonably estimated. the accruals are based upon the company
's assessment, after consultation with counsel, of probable loss based on the
facts and circumstances of each case, the legal issues involved, the nature of
the claim made, the nature of the damages sought and any relevant information
about the plaintiff, and other significant factors which vary by case. when it
is not possible to estimate a specific expected amount of loss to be incurred,
the company evaluates the range of possible losses and records the minimum end
of the range. as of march 31, 1999 the company had established accruals for
litigation matters of $26.2 million (representing $12.4 million and $13.8
million for estimated damages or settlement amounts and legal fees,
respectively). as of december 31, 1998, the company had established accruals for
litigation matters of $31.2 million (representing $17.5 million and $13.7
million for estimated damages or settlements and legal fees, respectively.) it
is anticipated that the $26.2 million accrual will be paid as follows: $17.7
million in 1999, $7.2 million in 2000 and $1.3 million in 2001. the company
believes, based on information known to the company at march 31, 1999, that
anticipated probable costs of litigation matters existing as of march 31, 1999
have been adequately reserved to the extent determinable.

         as a consumer goods manufacturer and distributor, the company faces the
constant risks of product liability and related lawsuits involving claims for
substantial money damages, product recall actions and higher than anticipated
rates of warranty returns or other returns of goods. these claims could result
in liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on the company's
financial position and results of operations. some of the product lines the
company acquired in the 1998 acquisitions have increased its exposure to product
liability and related claims.

         the company and its subsidiaries are also involved in various lawsuits
from time to time that sunbeam considers to be ordinary routine litigation
incidental to its business. in the opinion of the company, the resolution of
these routine matters, and of matters relating to prior operations, individually
or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial
position, results of operations or cash flows of the company.

         see note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

new accounting standards

         effective january 1, 1999, the company adopted statement of position
98-1, accounting for the costs of computer software developed or obtained for
internal use ("sop 98-1"). sop 98-1 requires computer software costs associated
with internal use software to be expensed as incurred until certain
capitalization criteria are met. adoption of this statement did not have a
material impact on the company's condensed consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows.

         in june 1998, the financial accounting standards board issued statement
of financial accounting standards no. 133 ("sfas no. 133"), accounting for
derivative instruments and hedging activities, which is effective for fiscal
years beginning after june 15,

                                       24
<page>

2000. sfas no. 133 requires the recognition of all derivatives in the
consolidated balance sheets as either assets or liabilities measured at fair
value. the company has not yet determined the impact sfas no. 133 will have on
its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

year 2000 readiness disclosure

         the company is preparing for the impact of the year 2000 on its
operations. year 2000 issues could include potential problems in the information
technology ("it") and non-it systems that the company uses in its operations and
problems in the company's products. year 2000 system failures could affect
routine but critical operations such as forecasting, purchasing, production,
order processing, inventory control, shipping, billing and collection. in
addition, system failures could affect the company's security, payroll
operations, or employee safety. the company may also be exposed to potential
risks from third parties with whom the company interacts who fail to adequately
address their own year 2000 issues.

sunbeam's approach to year 2000 issues

         while the company's year 2000 readiness planning has been underway for
over one year, during the third quarter of 1998 the company established a
cross-functional project team consisting of senior managers, assisted by three
external consulting firms which were retained to provide consulting services and
to assist the company in implementing its year 2000 strategy. this team is
sponsored by the company's chief financial officer who reports directly to the
company's chief executive officer on this issue. the audit committee of the
board of directors is advised periodically on the status of the company's year
2000 readiness program.

         the year 2000 project team has developed a phased approach to identify
and resolve year 2000 issues with many of these activities conducted in
parallel. the company's approach and the anticipated timing of each phase are
described below.

         phase 1 - inventory and assessment: during the first phase of sunbeam's
year 2000 readiness program, the company established a year 2000 program
management office ("pmo") to centralize the management of all of the company's
year 2000 projects. through this office, the company developed a corporate-wide,
uniform strategy for assessing and addressing the year 2000 issues.

         the company has completed an inventory of its hardware and software
systems, manufacturing equipment, electronic data interchange,
telecommunications and other technical assets potentially subject to year 2000
problems, such as security systems and controls for lighting, air conditioning,
ventilation and facility access. this inventory was then entered into the
company's year 2000 database along with a determination of the item's level of
criticality to operations. for those inventory items anticipated to have a
significant effect on the business if not corrected, the company's year 2000
program envisions repair or replacement and testing of such items. all
information relative to each item is being tracked in the company's year 2000
database. the company completed most of this phase during the third and fourth
quarters of 1998. the company has completed a review of the readiness of
embedded microprocessors in its products and determined that none of the
company's products have year 2000 date sensitive systems.

         phase 2 - correction and testing: the second phase of sunbeam's year
2000 readiness program is structured to replace, upgrade or remediate (as
necessary) those items identified during phase 1 as requiring corrective action.

         sunbeam relies on its it functions to perform many tasks that are
critical to its operations. significant transactions that could be impacted by
not being ready for any year 2000 issues include, among others, purchases of
materials, production management, order entry and fulfillment, payroll
processing and billings and collections. systems and applications that have been
identified by sunbeam to date as not currently year 2000 ready and which are
critical to sunbeam's operations include its financial software systems, which
process the order entry, purchasing, production management, general ledger,
accounts receivable, and accounts payable functions, payroll applications, and
critical applications in the company's manufacturing and distribution
facilities, such as warehouse management applications. recognizing how dependent
the entire company is on it, sunbeam decided in 1997 to replace its primary
business applications with a uniform international business and accounting
information system to address the systems or applications listed above as well
as to improve internal reporting processes. based upon representations from the
manufacturer that the current version of this uniform information system is year
2000 ready, the company has been actively upgrading its business sites that
currently utilize this uniform system to the year 2000 ready version. in
addition to the pre-acquisition sunbeam locations which had already utilized an
earlier non-year 2000 ready version of this uniform business and accounting
information system, eastpak, mr. coffee, health-o-meter and sunbeam latin
america are replacing their current non-year 2000 ready systems with this new
uniform system. in addition, coleman europe is also replacing key business
components with this new system.

         the company is also actively replacing and/or upgrading a number of
business systems that are not year 2000 ready, including those that use
localized business system packages which were not candidates to be replaced by
the uniform business and accounting information system. for example, at coleman
approximately 2,000 mainframe software programs that are used in lieu of
sunbeam's uniform business and accounting information system have been
remediated and tested to be year 2000 ready. with respect to the company's
non-it systems (for example, time and attendance, security, and in-line
manufacturing hardware) the company is actively analyzing these items to assess
any year 2000 issues. to date, no material issues have been discovered, and the
company will continue to review, test and correct, if necessary, such items.

                                       25
<page>

         sunbeam has largely implemented the corrective work described above and
expects to complete final testing and implementation of such systems in the
third quarter and early fourth quarter of 1999.

         phase 3 - customers, suppliers and business partners: the third phase
of sunbeam's year 2000 readiness program which was initiated during the third
and fourth quarters of 1998 is designed to assess and interact with the
company's customers, suppliers, and business partners. as part of this effort,
the company surveyed 1,100 vendors and suppliers, a portion of which did not
provide an initial response. during the first half of 1999, "high risk" vendors
were contacted directly and the number of non-respondents has since decreased
substantially. in fact, currently only 7% of the company's vendors who were
surveyed are categorized as "high risk" which includes non-respondents. based on
the most recent responses to the survey and continued evaluation, the company
believes that there is only a low to a medium risk of year 2000 issues for the
remaining vendors. the company will continue to monitor the year 2000 progress
of the "high risk" vendors and has re-surveyed these companies to determine the
appropriate course of action. furthermore, the company is in the process of
contacting alternate vendors who are year 2000 ready to replace critical vendors
deemed "high risk" in the event that these vendors are not found to be year 2000
ready. the company is in the process of completing a verification of the year
2000 survey responses for the most critical vendors to the company.

         the company has responded to numerous customer inquiries about the
company's year 2000 readiness. the company has verified that all of the
company's major customers have planned programs to deal with year 2000 issuesand
is currently completing the process of contacting its major customers to confirm
they are implementing their planned programs to address year 2000 issues. in
order to improve the company's communication with its customers, suppliers and
business partners, the company has set up a sunbeam year 2000 telephone number
and is providing year 2000 information on a company web site.

         phase 4 - contingency planning: this phase involves contingency
planning for unresolved year 2000 issues, particularly any issues arising with
third party suppliers. the company's year 2000 readiness program is ongoing and
its ultimate scope, as well as the consideration of contingency plans, will
continue to be evaluated as new information becomes available. the company has
designed its year 2000 contingency plan and is in the process of implementing
it. the development of the contingency plan included a process whereby the
company's critical it and non-it systems were evaluated for year 2000 readiness.
as a result of this evaluation, the company does not expect to require
additional operational equipment or significant process contingency measures.
although the company does not currently believe there is significant risk
associated with its third party suppliers, the contingency plan includes the
continuing evaluation of the readiness of the company's suppliers and
consideration of the company's inventory requirements to protect against supply
disruption. this evaluation process may result in an increase in inventory
during the later months of 1999.

the risks of sunbeam's year 2000 approach

         the independent consultants assisting the company in its year 2000
readiness program have reviewed and concurred with the company's approach, have
assisted in developing cost estimates and have monitored costs for the largest
single component (upgrade or installation of the company's uniform system) of
the company's year 2000 program. since sunbeam's year 2000 program was developed
and is monitored with the help of independent consultants, the company did not
engage another independent third party to verify the program's overall approach
or total cost as the company believes that the company's exposure in this regard
is mitigated. in addition, through the use of external third-party diagnostic
software packages that are designed to analyze the year 2000 readiness of
business software programs, the company was able to identify potential year 2000
issues at coleman. given this, the company believes that it has also mitigated
its risk by validating and verifying key program components.

         management believes that, although there are significant systems that
are being modified or replaced, including the uniform business and accounting
information system, sunbeam's information systems environment will be made year
2000 ready prior to january 1, 2000. sunbeam's failure to timely complete such
corrective work could have a material adverse impact on the company.

         with respect to customers, suppliers and business partners, the failure
of certain of these third parties to become year 2000 ready could also have a
material adverse impact on sunbeam. for example, the failure of certain of the
company's principal suppliers to have year 2000 ready internal systems could
impact the company's ability to manufacture and/or ship its products or to
maintain adequate inventory levels for production.

         at this time, the company believes that the most likely "worst-case"
scenario relating to year 2000 involves potential disruptions in areas in which
the company's operations must rely on third parties, such as suppliers, whose
systems may not work properly after january 1, 2000. while such system failures
could either directly or indirectly affect important operations of the company
and its subsidiaries in a significant manner, the company cannot at present
estimate either the likelihood or the potential cost of such failures. subject
to the nature of the goods or services provided to the company by third parties
whose operations are not made ready for year 2000 issues, the impact on
sunbeam's operations could be material if appropriate contingency plans cannot
be developed prior to january 1, 2000.

         the nature and focus of the company's efforts to address the year 2000
problem may be revised periodically as interim goals are achieved or new issues
are identified. in addition, it is important to note that the description of the
company's efforts and assessments necessarily involves estimates and projections
with respect to activities required in the future. these estimates and
projections are subject to change as work continues, and such changes may be
substantial.

                                       26
<page>

the costs to address the company's year 2000 issues

         during the quarter ended march 31, 1999, sunbeam had expended
approximately $17 million to address year 2000 issues of which approximately 50%
was recorded as capital expenditures and the remainder as sg&amp;a; expense.
sunbeam's current assessment of the total costs to address and remedy year 2000
issues and enhance its operating systems, including costs for the acquired
companies, is approximately $60 million. this estimate includes the following
categories:

<table>
<caption>
<s> <c>
         o   uniform international business and accounting systems              $ 40 million
         o   localized business system software upgrades and remediation        $  9 million
         o   year 2000 readiness assessment and tracking                        $  6 million
         o   upgrade of personal computers and related software                 $  5 million
</c></s></caption></table>

         the amount to be incurred for year 2000 issues during 1999 of
approximately $41 million represents over 50% of the company's total 1999 budget
for information systems and related support, including year 2000 costs. a large
majority of these costs are expected to be incremental expenditures that will
not recur in the year 2000 or thereafter. fees and expenses related to third
party consultants, who are involved in the pmo as well as the modification and
replacement of software, represent approximately 75% of the total estimated
cost. the balance of the total estimated cost relates primarily to software
license fees and new hardware, but excludes the costs associated with company
employees. sunbeam expects these expenditures to be financed through operating
cash flows or borrowings, as applicable. a significant portion of these
expenditures will enhance sunbeam's operating systems in addition to resolving
the year 2000 issues. as sunbeam completes its assessment of the year 2000
issues, the actual expenditures incurred or to be incurred may differ materially
from the amounts shown above. the bank credit facility does not permit the
company to spend more than $50 million on year 2000 testing and remediation in
1999.

         because year 2000 readiness is critical to the business, sunbeam has
redeployed some resources from non-critical system enhancements to address year
2000 issues. in addition, due to the importance of it systems to the company's
business, management has deferred non-critical systems enhancements as much as
possible. the company does not expect these redeployments and deferrals to have
a material impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows.

cautionary statements

         certain statements in this quarterly report on form 10-q/a may
constitute "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995, as the same may be amended from time
to time (herein the "act") and in releases made by the sec from time to time.
such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, or
achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results,
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. statements that are not historical fact are forward-looking
statements. forward-looking statements can be identified by, among other things,
the use of forward-looking language, such as the word "estimate," "project,"
"intend," "expect," "believe," "may," "well," "should," "seeks," "plans,"
"scheduled to," "anticipates," or "intends," or the negative of these terms or
other variations of these terms or comparable language, or by discussions of
strategy or intentions, when used in connection with the company, including its
management. these forward-looking statements were based on various factors and
were derived utilizing numerous important assumptions and other important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements. these cautionary statements are being made pursuant
to the act, with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor"
provisions of the act. the company cautions investors that any forward-looking
statements made by the company are not guarantees of future performance.
important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements with
respect to the company include, but are not limited to risks associated with (i)
high leverage, (ii) sunbeam's ability to comply with the terms of its credit
agreement, including financial covenants and covenants relating to the
completion of the coleman merger, or to enter into an amendment to its credit
agreement containing financial covenants which it and its bank lenders find
mutually acceptable, or to continue to obtain waivers from its bank lenders with
respect to its compliance with the existing covenants contained in such
agreement, and to continue to have access to its revolving credit facility, or
the company's ability to refinance its indebtedness at acceptable rates with
acceptable terms; (iii) sunbeam's ability to integrate the recently acquired
coleman, signature brands and first alert companies and expenses associated with
such integration, (iv) sunbeam's sourcing of products from international
vendors, including the ability to select reliable vendors and to avoid delays in
shipments, (v) sunbeam's ability to maintain and increase market share for its
products at anticipated margins, (vi) sunbeam's ability to successfully
introduce new products and to provide on-time delivery and a satisfactory level
of customer service, (vii) changes in domestic and/or foreign laws and
regulations, including changes in tax rates, accounting standards, environmental
laws, occupational, health and safety laws, (viii) access to foreign markets
together with foreign economic conditions, including currency fluctuations and
trade, monetary and/or tax policies, (ix) uncertainty as to the effect of
competition in existing and potential future lines of business, (x) fluctuations
in the cost and availability of raw materials and/or products, (xi) changes in
the availability and costs of labor, (xii) effectiveness of advertising and
marketing programs, (xiii) economic uncertainty in japan, korea and other asian
countries, as well as in mexico, venezuela, and other latin american countries,
(xiv) product quality, including excess warranty costs, product liability
expenses and costs of product recalls, (xv) weather conditions which can have an
unfavorable impact upon sales of certain of sunbeam's products, (xvi) the
numerous lawsuits against the company and the sec investigation into the
company's accounting practices and policies, and uncertainty regarding the
company's available coverage on its directors' and officers' liability
insurance, (xvii) the possibility of a recession in the united states or other
countries resulting in a decrease in consumer

                                       27
<page>

demands for the company's products, (xviii) actions by competitors including
business combinations, new product offerings and marketing and promotional
activities, and (xix) failure of the company and/or its suppliers of goods or
services to timely complete the remediation of computer systems to effectively
process year 2000 information. other factors and assumptions not included in the
foregoing may cause the company's actual results to materially differ from those
projected. the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements or these cautionary statements.

                                       28
<page>

part ii - other information

item 1.  legal proceedings

         on april 7, 1998, a purported derivative action was filed in the
circuit court for the fifteenth judicial circuit in and for palm beach county,
florida against the company and some of its present and former directors and
former officers. the action alleged that the individual defendants breached
their fiduciary duties and wasted corporate assets when the company granted
stock options on or about february 2, 1998 at an exercise price of $36.85 to
three of its officers and directors who were subsequently terminated by the
company. on june 25, 1998, all defendants filed a motion to dismiss the
complaint for failure to make a pre-suit demand on the company's board of
directors. on october 22, 1998, the plaintiff amended the complaint against all
but one of the defendants named in the original complaint. on february 19, 1999,
plaintiffs filed a second amended derivative complaint nominally on behalf of
the company against some of its present and former directors and former officers
and arthur andersen. the second amended complaint alleges, among other things,
that messrs. dunlap and kersh, sunbeam's former chairman and chief executive
officer and former chief financial officer, respectively, caused the company to
employ fraudulent accounting procedures in order to enable them to secure new
employment contracts, and seeks a declaration that the individual defendants
have violated fiduciary duties, an injunction against the payment of
compensation to messrs. dunlap and kersh or the imposition of a constructive
trust on such payments, and unspecified money damages. the defendants have each
moved to dismiss the second amended complaint in whole or in part.

         on june 25, 1998, four purported class actions were filed in the court
of chancery of the state of delaware in new castle county by minority
stockholders of coleman against coleman, the company and certain of the
company's and coleman's present and former officers and directors. an additional
class action was filed on august 10, 1998, against the same parties. the
complaints in these class actions allege, in essence, that the existing exchange
ratio for the proposed coleman merger is no longer fair to coleman minority
stockholders as a result of the decline in the market value of the company's
common stock. on october 21, 1998, the company announced that it had entered
into a memorandum of understanding to settle, subject to court approval, the
class actions. the court hearing on the settlement was held on september 29,
1999, but the court has not yet ruled on the settlement. under the terms of the
proposed settlement, if approved by the court, the company will issue to coleman
minority stockholders and plaintiffs' counsel in this action warrants to
purchase up to approximately 4.98 million shares of the company common stock at
$7 per share, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. coleman minority
stockholders who elect an appraisal under delaware law will not receive
warrants. these warrants will generally have the same terms as the warrant
issued to the macandrews &amp; forbes subsidiary and will be issued when the coleman
merger is consummated, which is now expected to occur during the second half of
1999. issuance of these warrants will be accounted for as additional purchase
consideration. there can be no assurance that the court will approve the
settlement as proposed.

         on september 16, 1998, an action was filed in the 56th judicial
district court of galveston county, texas alleging various claims in violation
of the texas securities act and texas business and commercial code as well as
common law fraud as a result of sunbeam's alleged misstatements and omissions
regarding sunbeam's financial condition and prospects during a period beginning
may 1, 1998 and ending june 16, 1998, in which the u.s. national bank of
galveston, kempner capital management, inc. and legacy trust company engaged in
transactions in sunbeam common stock on their own behalf and on behalf of their
respective clients. sunbeam is the only named defendant in this action. the
complaint requests recovery of compensatory damages, punitive damages and
expenses in an unspecified amount. this action was removed to the u.s. district
court for the southern district of texas and subsequently transferred to the
southern district of florida and consolidated with the consolidated federal
actions. plaintiffs in this action have objected to the consolidation and have
sought reconsideration by the southern district of florida of the order of the
southern district of texas denying plaintiffs' motion to remand the case to
state court and transferring it to florida. a similar suit was brought by the
same group of plaintiffs against arthur andersen. in that action, the plaintiffs
allege that arthur andersen violated the texas securities act, committed
statutory and common law fraud and was negligent in its audits of sunbeam's 1996
and 1997 financial statements. in september 1999, arthur andersen had filed a
motion for leave to join sunbeam and certain of its former officers as
responsible third parties and contribution defendants, which motion was denied.

         on october 30, 1998, a class action lawsuit was filed on behalf of
certain purchasers of the debentures in the u.s. district court for the southern
district of florida against sunbeam and some of sunbeam's former officers and
directors, alleging violations of the federal securities laws and common law
fraud. the complaint alleges that sunbeam's offering memorandum used for the
marketing of the debentures contained false and misleading information regarding
sunbeam's financial position and that the defendants engaged in a plan to
inflate sunbeam's earnings for the purpose of defrauding the plaintiffs and
others. the plaintiffs seek a declaration that defendants violated federal
securities laws and either unspecified monetary damages or rescission of their
purchase of the debentures. this action has been transferred to the southern
district of florida, where the consolidated federal actions are pending, and the
parties have negotiated a proposed coordination plan in order to coordinate
proceedings in this action with those in the consolidated federal actions.

         the company has been named as a defendant in an action filed in the
district court of tarrant county, texas, 48th judicial district, on november 20,
1998. the company was served in this action through the secretary of state of
texas on january 15, 1999. the plaintiffs in this action are purchasers of the
debentures. the plaintiffs allege that the company violated the texas securities
act and the texas business &amp; commercial code and committed state common law
fraud by materially misstating the financial position of the company in
connection with the offering and sale of the debentures. the complaint seeks
rescission, as well as compensatory and exemplary damages in an unspecified
amount. the company specially appeared to assert an objection to the texas
court's exercise of personal jurisdiction over the company, and a hearing on
this objection took place on april 15, 1999. on april 23, 1999, the court
entered an order granting the company's special appearance and dismissing the
case without prejudice. the plaintiffs moved for

                                       29
<page>

reconsideration of the court order, which motion the court denied on may 24,
1999. the plaintiffs have appealed the order dismissing the case to the texas
court of appeals, and a hearing on such appeal took place on october 20, 1999.

         on february 9, 1999, messrs. dunlap and kersh filed with the american
arbitration association demands for arbitration of claims under their respective
employment agreements with sunbeam. messrs. dunlap and kersh are requesting a
finding by the arbitrators that sunbeam terminated their employment without
cause and that they should be awarded the corresponding benefits provided by
their respective employment agreements. on march 12, 1999, the company asked the
circuit court for the fifteenth judicial circuit in and for palm beach county,
florida to issue an injunction prohibiting messrs. dunlap and kersh from
pursuing their arbitration proceedings against the company on the grounds, among
others, that the simultaneous litigation of the action filed in that court on
april 7, 1998, described above, and the arbitration proceedings would subject
the company to the threat of inconsistent adjudications with respect to certain
rights to compensation asserted by messrs. dunlap and kersh and would cause
irreparable harm to the company and its stockholders. on march 19, 1999, the
plaintiff in the april 7, 1998 action discussed above moved for an injunction on
the similar grounds. on may 11, 1999, the court denied the motions for a
preliminary injunction filed by the company and the plaintiff. the company has
answered the arbitration demands of messrs. dunlap and kersh and has filed
counterclaims seeking, among other things, the return of all consideration paid,
or to be paid, under the february 1998 employment agreements between sunbeam and
messrs. dunlap and kersh. an answer was filed by messrs. dunlap and kersh
generally denying the company's counterclaim. discovery is pending.

         on may 24, 1999, an action naming the company as defendant was filed in
the circuit court for ozaukee county, wisconsin. prior to service of the
complaint, the plaintiff dismissed its claims voluntarily, without prejudice.
the plaintiff in this action was a purchaser of the debentures. the plaintiff
alleged that the company violated the wisconsin uniform securities act and
committed acts of false advertising and misrepresentation in connection with the
offering and sale of the debentures. the plaintiff sought rescission, as well as
compensatory and exemplary damages in an unspecified amount.

         on september 13, 1999, an action naming the company and arthur andersen
as defendants was filed in the circuit court for montgomery county, alabama. the
plaintiffs in this action are purchasers of the company's common stock during
the period march 19, 1998 through may 6, 1998. the plaintiffs allege, among
other things, that the defendants violated the alabama security laws and sec
rule 10b-5. the plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages in an
unspecified amount. the company has removed this case to the u.s. district court
for the district of alabama. in addition, arthur andersen has filed a cross
claim against the company for contribution and indemnity.

         the company intends to vigorously defend each of the foregoing lawsuits
other than those as to which a memorandum of understanding to settle has been
reached, but cannot predict the outcome and is not currently able to evaluate
the likelihood of the company's success in each case or the range of potential
loss. however, if the company were to lose these lawsuits, judgments would
likely have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.

         on march 23, 1999, messrs. dunlap and kersh filed a complaint in the
court of chancery of the state of delaware seeking an order directing the
company to advance attorneys' fees and other expenses incurred in connection
with various state and federal class and derivative actions and an investigation
instituted by the sec. the complaint alleges that such advancements are required
by the company's by-laws and by a forbearance agreement entered into between the
company and messrs. dunlap and kersh in august, 1998. a trial of this summary
proceeding was held on june 15 and 16, 1999. on june 23, 1999, the court issued
a memorandum opinion directing the company to pay about $1.4 million on account
of expenses incurred to date and to advance reasonable future expenses in those
actions and investigations. messrs. dunlap and kersh have agreed to repay all
amounts advanced to them if it is ultimately determined that they are not
entitled to indemnification under delaware law.

         on july 2, 1998, the american alliance insurance company filed suit
against sunbeam in the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york
requesting a declaratory judgment of the court that the directors' and officers'
liability insurance policy for excess coverage issued by american alliance was
invalid and/or had been properly canceled by american alliance. the company's
motion to transfer such action to the federal district court in which the
consolidated federal actions are currently pending was denied. the company has
filed a motion with the judicial panel on multidistrict litigation to transfer
this action for coordination or consolidation of pretrial proceedings with the
various actions pending in the southern district of florida. that motion was
granted. american alliance has filed a motion for summary judgment on the ground
that coverage was never bound. the company has opposed that motion. on october
20, 1998, an action was filed by federal insurance company in the u.s. district
court for the middle district of florida requesting the same relief as that
requested by american alliance in the previously filed action as to additional
coverage levels under the company's directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy. this action has been transferred to the u.s. district court for the
southern district of florida and is currently in discovery. the company is
seeking a stay of discovery to coordinate discovery in this action with any
discovery that may occur in the consolidated federal actions. plaintiff has
moved to compel production of various documents. on december 22, 1998, an action
was filed by executive risk indemnity, inc. in the circuit court of the
seventeenth judicial circuit in and for broward county, florida requesting the
same relief as that requested by american alliance and federal in their
previously filed actions as to additional coverage levels under the company's
directors' and officers' liability insurance policy. on april 15, 1999, the
company filed an action in the u.s. district court for the southern district of
florida against national union fire insurance company of pittsburgh, pa, gulf
insurance company and st. paul mercury insurance company requesting, among other
things, a declaratory judgment that national union is not entitled to rescind
its directors' and officers' liability insurance policies to the company and a
declaratory judgment that the company is entitled to coverage from these
insurance companies for the various lawsuits described herein under directors'
and officers' liability insurance policies issued by each of the defendants. in
response to the company's complaint,

                                       30
<page>

defendants st. paul and gulf have answered and asserted counterclaims seeking
rescission and declaratory relief that no coverage is available to the company.
sunbeam has denied the allegations of gulf's and st. paul's counterclaims.
defendant national union has filed a motion to dismiss or stay the claims filed
by the company against national union on the basis, among others, that the
company must submit the dispute to arbitration or mediation. the company has
filed a response opposing that motion. the company intends to pursue recovery
from all of its insurers if damages are awarded against the company or its
indemnified officers and/or directors under any of the foregoing actions and to
recover attorneys' fees covered under those policies. the company's failure to
obtain such insurance recoveries following an adverse judgment in any of the
actions described above could have a material adverse effect on the company's
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

         the company and its subsidiaries are also involved in various other
lawsuits arising from time to time which the company considers to be ordinary
routine litigation incidental to its business. in the opinion of the company,
the resolution of these routine matters, and of certain matters relating to
prior operations, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material
adverse effect upon the financial position, results of operations or cash flows
of the company.

         amounts accrued for litigation matters represent the anticipated costs
(damages and/or settlement amounts) in connection with pending litigation and
claims and related anticipated legal fees. the costs are accrued when it is both
probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and
the amount can be reasonably estimated. the accruals are based upon the company
's assessment, after consultation with counsel, of probable loss based on the
facts and circumstances of each case, the legal issues involved, the nature of
the claim made, the nature of the damages sought and any relevant information
about the plaintiff, and other significant factors which vary by case. when it
is not possible to estimate a specific expected cost to be incurred, the company
evaluates the range of probable losses and records the minimum end of the range.
as of march 31, 1999 the company had established accruals for litigation matters
of $26.2 million (representing $12.4 million and $13.8 million for estimated
damages or settlement amounts and legal fees, respectively). as of december 31,
1998, the company had established accruals for litigation matters of $31.2
million (representing $17.5 million and $13.7 million for estimated damages or
settlements and legal fees, respectively.) it is anticipated that the $26.2
million accrual will be paid as follows: $17.7 million in 1999, $7.2 million in
2000 and $1.3 million in 2001. the company believes, based on information known
to the company on march 31, 1999, that anticipated probable costs of litigation
matters existing as of march 31, 1999 have been adequately reserved to the
extent determinable.

products liability

         as a consumer goods manufacturer and distributor, the company faces the
constant risks of product liability and related lawsuits involving claims for
substantial money damages, product recall actions and higher than anticipated
rates of warranty returns or other returns of goods. these claims could result
in liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on the company's
consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. some of
the product lines the company acquired in the 1998 acquisitions have increased
its exposure to product liability and related claims.

         brk brands, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, is a
defendant in the case gordon v. brk brands, inc., et al. ("gordon") in the
circuit court for the city of st louis. in gordon, the plaintiff alleged, among
other things, that the plaintiff's smoke detector (which had been manufactured
by a predecessor of brk brands, inc.) did not alarm quickly enough. in july
1999, the jury in the gordon case awarded $20 million in compensatory damages
and $30 million in punitive damages. this case has been settled and brk brands,
inc.'s obligation under the settlement is limited to payment of the balance of
its self-insured retention.

environmental matters

         with respect to one of seven sites at which the company has been
identified by the united states environmental protection agency ("epa") as a
potentially responsible party, the company received notice from the epa that the
company has completed all required removal activities and that such removal
activities were completed to epa's satisfaction. epa's approval of the company's
removal activities at this site effectively concludes its obligations to epa at
this site. the epa's approval of the company's removal activities did not have
any impact on the company's environmental accruals since these activities were
completed for the amount accrued.

                                       31
<page>

     item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k

     (a) exhibits

         exhibit no.          description

            27                financial data schedule, submitted electronically
                              to the securities and exchange commission for
                              information only and not filed.

     (b) report on form 8-k

         no reports on form 8-k were filed through march 31, 1999.

                                       32
<page>

                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                            sunbeam corporation

                                            by: /s/ bobby g. jenkins
                                            -------------------------
                                            bobby g. jenkins
                                            executive vice president, and
                                            chief financial officer
                                            (principal financial officer)

                                            dated: november 4, 1999

                                       33
<page>

                                 exhibits index

         exhibit              description

           27                 financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page>