<div align="left" style="margin-left: 0%; margin-right: 0%; text-indent: 4%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times; color: #000000; background: #ffffff">
    this annual report contains forward-looking statements within
    the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933,
    as amended, or the securities act, regarding our business,
    financial condition, results of operations and prospects. words
    such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks,
    estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words
    are intended to identify forward-looking statements. however,
    these are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking
    statements. although such forward-looking statements reflect our
    good faith judgment, such statements can only be based on facts
    and factors currently known to us. consequently, forward-looking
    statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties,
    and actual outcomes may differ materially from the results and
    outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. further
    information about the risks and uncertainties that may impact us
    are described in “risk factors” beginning on
    page 13 of this annual report. you should read those
    sections carefully. you should not place undue reliance on
    forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of
    this annual report. we undertake no obligation to update
    publicly any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any
    event or circumstance occurring after the date of this annual
    report or currently unknown facts or conditions or the
    occurrence of unanticipated events.
</div><div align="left" style="margin-left: 0%; margin-right: 0%; text-indent: 4%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times; color: #000000; background: #ffffff">
    in december 2006, david wilde resigned as our president and
    chief operating officer. in light of mr. wilde’s
    significant contributions to our recent growth, his resignation
    could have a material adverse effect on our future performance.
    in addition, our development and expansion will require
    additional experienced management and operations personnel. no
    assurance can be given that we will be able to identify and
    retain these employees. the loss of the services of one or more
    of our key executives could increase our exposure to the other
    risks described in this “risk factors” section. we do
    not maintain key man insurance on any of our personnel.
</div><i>the following discussion and analysis should be read in
    conjunction with our selected historical financial data and our
    accompanying financial statements and the notes to those
    financial statements included elsewhere in this document. the
    following discussion contains forward-looking statements within
    the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of
    1995 that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. our actual
    results could differ materially from those anticipated in these
    forward-looking statements as a result of risks and
    uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed
    under “item 1a. risk factors.”</i>