<font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">item
1a.  risk factors</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman"><font style="display: inline; font-family: times new roman">the company’s ability to
become profitable and its ability to continue to fund its obligations on an
ongoing basis will depend on a number of factors, many of which are largely
beyond the company’s control.  </font>certain risk factors that affect
the company’s business and financial results are discussed in the risk factors
listed in item 1a in the 2008 form 10-k and <font style="display: inline; font-family: times new roman">as amended in item 1a in
this quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30,
2009</font>.  in addition, most of the company’s largest domestic
competitors and several smaller carriers have filed for bankruptcy in the last
several years and have used this process to significantly reduce contractual
labor and other costs.  in order to remain competitive and to improve
its financial condition, the company must continue to take steps to generate
additional revenues and to reduce its costs.  although the company has
a number of initiatives underway to address its cost and revenue challenges,
some of these initiatives involve changes to the company’s business which it may
be unable to implement.  in addition, the company expects that, as
time goes on, it will be progressively more difficult to identify and implement
significant revenue enhancement and cost savings initiatives.  the
adequacy and ultimate success of the company’s initiatives to generate
additional revenues and reduce costs are not known at this time and cannot be
assured. moreover, whether the company’s initiatives will be adequate or
successful depends in large measure on factors beyond its control, notably the
overall industry environment, including passenger demand, yield and industry
capacity growth, and fuel prices.  it will be very difficult for the
company to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis, and to return
to profitability, if the overall industry revenue environment does not improve
substantially or if fuel prices were to increase and persist for an extended
period at high levels.</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">the
company remains heavily indebted and has significant obligations (including
substantial pension funding obligations), as described more fully under item 7,
“management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations” in the form 10-k.  indebtedness is a significant risk to
the company as discussed in the risk factors listed in item 1a in the 2008 form
10-k and as amended in item 1a in this quarterly report on form 10-q for the
quarter ended june 30, 2009.  during 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009
(through the date of this filing), the company raised an aggregate of
approximately $2.0 billion in financing to fund capital commitments (mainly for
aircraft and ground properties), debt maturities, and employee pension
obligations, and to bolster its liquidity.  as of the date of this
form 10-q, although the company believes it can access sufficient liquidity to
fund its operations and obligations for the remainder of 2009, including
repayment of debt and capital leases, capital expenditures and other contractual
obligations, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to do
so.  to meet the company’s commitments,<font style="display: inline; font-family: times new roman"> t</font>o maintain
sufficient liquidity and because the company has significant debt, lease and
other obligations in the next several years, including commitments to purchase
aircraft, as well as substantial pension funding obligations (refer to
contractual obligations in item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations” in the form 10-k), the company
will need access to substantial additional funding.</font>