<font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">the company’s ability to become profitable and its ability to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis will depend on a number of factors, many of which are largely beyond the company’s control.  certain risk factors that affect the company’s business and financial results are discussed in the risk
factors listed in item 1a.  in order to remain competitive and to improve its financial condition, the company must continue to take steps to generate additional revenues and to reduce its costs.  it has become increasingly difficult to identify and implement significant revenue enhancement and cost savings initiatives.  the adequacy and ultimate success of the company’s initiatives to generate additional revenues and reduce costs cannot be assured. moreover, whether the company’s
initiatives will be adequate or successful depends in large measure on factors beyond its control, notably the overall industry environment, including passenger demand, yield and industry capacity growth, and fuel prices. it will be very difficult for the company to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis and to return to profitability if the overall industry revenue environment does not improve substantially or if fuel prices were to increase and persist for an extended period at high levels.</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">in april 2007, the u.s. and the eu approved an open skies air services agreement that provides airlines from the u.s. and eu member states open access to each other’s markets, with freedom of pricing and unlimited rights to fly beyond the u.s. and any airport in the eu including london’s heathrow airport.  the provisions
of the agreement took effect on march 30, 2008.  under the agreement, every u.s. and eu airline is authorized to operate between airports in the u.s. and heathrow.  notwithstanding the open skies agreement, heathrow is a slot-controlled airport.  only three airlines besides american were previously allowed to provide service to heathrow.  the agreement has resulted in the company facing increased competition in serving heathrow, where the company has lost market share.  in
addition, the company is facing additional competition in other european markets.  see item 1a, risk factors, and note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">many aspects of the company’s operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental regulations.  concerns about climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, in particular, may result in the imposition of additional legislation or regulation. for example, the eu recently approved measures that impose emissions limits
on airlines with operations to, from or within the eu as part of an emissions trading system beginning in 2012.  the company is continuing to assess the potential costs of the eu measures.  such legislative or regulatory action by the u.s., state or foreign governments currently or in the future may adversely affect the company’s business and financial results.  see item 1a, risk factors, for additional information.</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">the impact of fuel price changes on the company and its competitors depends on various factors, including hedging strategies.  the company has a fuel hedging program in which it enters into jet fuel and heating oil hedging contracts to dampen the impact of the volatility of jet fuel prices. during 2009, 2008 and 2007, the company’s
fuel hedging program increased (decreased) the company’s fuel expense by approximately $591 million, ($344) million and ($215) million, respectively. as of january 2010, the company had cash flow hedges, with option contracts, primarily heating oil collars and call options, covering approximately 24 percent of its estimated 2010 fuel requirements.  the consumption hedged for 2010 by cash flow hedges is capped at an average price of approximately $2.48 per gallon of jet fuel, and the company’s
collars have an average floor price of approximately $1.80 per gallon of jet fuel (both the capped and floor price exclude taxes and transportation costs).  a deterioration of the company’s financial position could negatively affect the company’s ability to hedge fuel in the future. see the risk factors under item 1a for additional information regarding fuel.</font><font style="display: inline; font-weight: bold; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">item 1a.     risk factors</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">our ability to become profitable and our ability to continue to fund our obligations on an ongoing basis will depend on a number of risk factors, many of which are largely beyond our control.  some of the factors that may have a negative impact on us are described below:</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">the discussions under business, risk factors, properties and legal proceedings, and the following discussions under “management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” and “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk” contain various forward-looking statements within
the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events.  when used in this document and in documents incorporated herein by reference, the words "expects," "plans," "anticipates," “indicates,” “believes,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “may,” “will,” “should,”
“seeks,” “targets” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. similarly, statements that describe the company’s objectives, plans or goals are forward-looking statements.  forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the company’s expectations concerning operations and financial conditions, including changes in capacity, revenues, and costs; future financing plans and needs; the amounts of its unencumbered assets and other
sources of liquidity; fleet plans; overall economic and industry conditions; plans and objectives for future operations; regulatory approvals and actions, including the company’s application for ati with other oneworld alliance members; and the impact on the company of its results of operations in recent years and the sufficiency of its financial resources to absorb that impact.  other forward-looking statements include statements which do not relate solely to historical facts, such as, without
limitation, statements which discuss the possible future effects of current known trends or uncertainties, or which indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured.  all forward-looking statements in this report are based upon information available to the company on the date of this report.  the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise.  guidance given in this report regarding capacity, fuel consumption, fuel prices, fuel hedging, and unit costs, and statements regarding expectations of regulatory approval of the company’s application for ati with other oneworld members are forward-looking statements.  forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from the company’s expectations.  the risk factors
listed in item 1a, in addition to other possible factors not listed, could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from historical results and from those expressed in forward-looking statements.</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">the company’s ability to become profitable and its ability to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis will depend on a number of factors, many of which are largely beyond the company’s control.  certain risk factors that affect the company’s business and financial results are discussed in the risk factors listed in item 1a.  in addition, most of the company’s
largest domestic competitors and several smaller carriers have filed for bankruptcy in the last several years and have used this process to significantly reduce contractual labor and other costs.  in order to remain competitive and to improve its financial condition, the company must continue to take steps to generate additional revenues and to reduce its costs.  although the company has a number of initiatives underway to address its cost and revenue challenges, some of these initiatives
involve changes to the company’s business which it may be unable to implement.  it has become increasingly difficult to identify and implement significant revenue enhancement and cost savings initiatives.  the adequacy and ultimate success of the company’s initiatives to generate additional revenues and reduce costs cannot be assured. moreover, whether the company’s initiatives will be adequate or successful depends in large measure on factors beyond its control, notably
the overall industry environment, including passenger demand, yield and industry capacity growth, and fuel prices. it will be very difficult for the company to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis, and to return to profitability, if the overall industry revenue environment does not improve substantially or if fuel prices were to increase and persist for an extended period at high levels.</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman"><font style="display: inline; font-weight: bold">significant indebtedness and future financing</font>   indebtedness is a significant risk to the company as discussed in the risk factors listed in item 1a.  during 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009, the company raised an aggregate of approximately $6.1 billion in financing
to fund operating losses, capital commitments (mainly for aircraft and ground properties), debt maturities, employee pension obligations and to bolster its liquidity.  as of the date of this form 10-k, the company believes that it should have sufficient liquidity to fund its operations, including repayment of debt and capital leases, capital expenditures and other contractual obligations; however there can be no assurances to that effect.</font>