<font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">the company’s ability to become profitable and its ability to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis will depend on a number of factors, many of which are largely beyond the company’s control.  certain risk factors that affect the company’s business and financial results are discussed in the risk
factors listed in item 1a in the 2009 form 10-k.  in addition, most of the company’s largest domestic competitors and several smaller carriers have filed for bankruptcy in the last several years and have used this process to significantly reduce contractual labor and other costs.  in order to remain competitive and to improve its financial condition, the company must continue to take steps to generate additional revenues and to reduce its costs.  although the company has a
number of initiatives underway to address its cost and revenue challenges, some of these initiatives involve changes to the company’s business which it may be unable to implement. it has become increasingly difficult to identify and implement significant revenue enhancement and cost savings initiatives.  the adequacy and ultimate success of the company’s initiatives to generate additional revenues and reduce costs cannot be assured. moreover, whether the company’s initiatives will
be adequate or successful depends in large measure on factors beyond its control, notably the overall industry environment, including passenger demand, yield and industry capacity growth, and fuel prices. it will be very difficult for the company to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis, and to return to profitability, if the overall industry revenue environment does not improve substantially or if fuel prices were to persist at high levels for an extended period.</font><font style="display: inline; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman">the company remains heavily indebted and has significant obligations (including substantial pension funding obligations), as described more fully under item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” in the company’s 2009 form 10-k.  indebtedness is a significant
risk to the company as discussed in the risk factors listed in item 1a in the 2009 form 10-k.  during the last few years, the company raised substantial financing to fund capital commitments (mainly for aircraft and ground properties), debt maturities, and employee pension obligations, and to bolster its liquidity.  as of the date of this form 10-q, the company believes it has sufficient liquidity to fund its operations and obligations, including repayment of debt and capital leases, capital
expenditures and other contractual obligations; however there can be no assurances to that effect.  to meet the company’s commitments, to maintain sufficient liquidity and because the company has significant debt, lease and other obligations in the next several years, including commitments to purchase aircraft, as well as substantial pension funding obligations (refer to contractual obligations in item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations”
in the 2009 form 10-k), the company will need access to substantial additional funding.  an inability to obtain necessary additional funding on acceptable terms would have a material adverse impact on the company and on its ability to sustain its operations.</font>