<div align="justify" style="font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt">the company’s ability to become consistently profitable and its ability to continue to fund its
obligations on an ongoing basis will depend on a number of factors, many of which are largely
beyond the company’s control. certain risk factors that affect the company’s business and
financial results are discussed in the risk factors listed in item 1a in the 2009 form 10-k. most
of the company’s largest domestic competitors and several smaller carriers have filed for
bankruptcy in previous years and have used this process to significantly reduce contractual labor
and other costs. also, recent mergers involving some of the largest carriers in the industry,
including carriers that have recently reorganized in bankruptcy, have resulted in the formation of
larger competitors with more extensive route networks. in order to remain competitive and to
improve its financial condition, the company must continue to take steps to generate additional
revenues and to reduce its costs. although the company has a number of initiatives underway to
address its cost and revenue challenges, some of these initiatives involve changes to the company’s
business which it may be unable to implement. it has also become increasingly difficult to identify
and implement significant revenue enhancement and cost savings initiatives. the adequacy and
ultimate success of the company’s initiatives to generate additional revenues and reduce costs
cannot be assured. moreover, whether the company’s initiatives will be adequate or successful
depends in large measure on factors beyond its control, notably the overall industry environment,
including passenger demand, yield and industry capacity growth, and fuel prices. it will be very
difficult for the company to continue to fund its obligations on an ongoing basis, and to return to
profitability, if the overall industry revenue environment does not improve substantially or if
fuel prices were to persist at high levels for an extended period.
</div><div align="justify" style="font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt">the company remains heavily indebted and has significant obligations (including substantial pension
funding obligations), as described more fully under item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations” in the company’s 2009 form 10-k. indebtedness is
a significant risk to the company as discussed in the risk factors listed in item 1a in the 2009
form 10-k. during the last few years, the company raised substantial financing to fund capital
commitments (mainly for aircraft and ground properties), debt maturities, and employee pension
obligations, and to bolster its liquidity. to meet the company’s commitments, to maintain
sufficient liquidity and because the company has significant debt, lease and other obligations in
the next several years, including commitments to purchase aircraft, as well as substantial pension
funding obligations (refer to contractual obligations in item 7, “management’s discussion and
analysis of financial condition and results of operations” in the 2009 form 10-k), the company will
need access to substantial additional funding. an inability to obtain necessary additional funding
on acceptable terms would have a material adverse impact on the company and on its ability to
sustain its operations.
</div>