<c>
    part i.  financial information

             item 1.financial statements

                    condensed consolidated statements of operations (unaudited)
                    for the three months and nine months ended september 30, 1998
                    and september 28, 1997............................................    2

                    condensed consolidated balance sheets
                    as of september 30, 1998 (unaudited) and december 28, 1997........    3

                    condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited)
                    for the nine months ended september 30, 1998 and september
                    28, 1997..........................................................    4

                    notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited)..    5

             item 2.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition
                    and results of operations.........................................   17

    part ii. other information

             item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k ...............................   26
    signatures         ...............................................................   27
</c><page>



item 2. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
        results of operations


    the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three and nine
months ended september 30, 1998 and september 28, 1997.

acquisitions

    on march 30, 1998, the company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired
approximately 81% of the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock
of the coleman company, inc. ("coleman"), in exchange for 14,099,749 shares of
the company's common stock and approximately $160 million in cash as well as the
assumption of $1,016 million in debt. the company expects to acquire the
remaining equity interest in coleman pursuant to a merger transaction in which
the existing coleman minority shareholders will receive approximately 6.7
million shares of common stock and approximately $87 million in cash. although
there can be no assurance, it is anticipated the coleman merger will occur in
the first half of fiscal 1999. (see note 2 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements.) coleman is a leading manufacturer and marketer of
consumer products for the worldwide outdoor recreation market. its products have
been sold domestically under the coleman /registered trademark/ brand name since
the 1920's.

    on april 6, 1998, the company completed the cash acquisitions of first
alert, inc. ("first alert"), a leading manufacturer of smoke and carbon monoxide
detectors, and signature brands usa, inc. ("signature brands"), a leading
manufacturer of consumer and professional products. the first alert and the
signature brands acquisitions were valued at approximately $178 million and $253
million, respectively, including the assumption of debt.

    the acquisitions were recorded under the purchase method of accounting; and
accordingly, the results of operations of each acquired entity are included in
the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations from the
respective dates of acquisition. the purchase prices of the acquired entities
have been allocated to individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed based
on preliminary estimates of fair market values at the dates of acquisition. the
purchase price allocations for the acquisitions will be revised when additional
information concerning asset and liability valuations is obtained. adjustments,
which could be significant, will be made during the allocation periods based on
detailed reviews of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
and could result in a substantial change in goodwill and other intangible
assets.

    to standardize the fiscal period ends of the company and the acquired
entities, effective with its 1998 fiscal year, the company has changed its
fiscal year end from the sunday nearest december 31 to a calendar year. (see
note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

three months ended september 30, 1998 compared to three months ended september
28, 1997

    results of operations for the three months ended september 30, 1998 include
the results of the acquired entities for the entire period. the acquired
entities generated net sales of $326.1 million in the quarter with corresponding
gross margin of $75.2 million, or 23% of sales. sg&amp;a; costs recorded by the
acquired entities were $84.3 million in the period, yielding an operating loss
of $9.1 million. included in cost of sales of the acquired entities for the
quarter was approximately $10 million of expense related to purchase accounting
adjustments which require adjusting the values of acquired inventories to fair
market value at the date of acquisition. accordingly, as these inventories are
sold, the purchase accounting adjustments related to these inventories (in this
case, increases in inventory values) are reflected in cost of sales. a year ago,
for the full quarter, these businesses generated sales approximately $18 million
higher than occurred in the third quarter of 1998. the majority of this decrease
occurred at coleman where sales were impacted by fewer product lines resulting
from the sale of a portion of the business and exiting the pressure washer
business during 1997. first alert sales were adversely impacted by higher
returns, as compared with the same period a year ago. additionally, each
acquired business experienced a general disruption due to the acquisitions and
management changes. excluding the impact of the purchase accounting adjustments
described above, gross margins in the acquired entities were $19 million lower
in 1998 as compared with their results in the prior year. lower sales in the
acquired entities accounted for approximately 30% of this change. coleman
recorded $5.3 million in third quarter charges for excess and obsolete inventory
and a provision for fixed assets, as described in note 3 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements. in addition, an adverse sales mix at
signature brands and recent developments on existing environmental remediation
at coleman which resulted in an increase in the environmental provision
accounted for the majority of the remaining decrease in margins as compared with
those reported by the acquired entities a year ago.

                                       17

<page>

    net sales as reported by sunbeam is comprised of gross sales less provisions
for estimated customer returns, discounts, promotional allowances, cooperative
advertising allowances and costs incurred by the company to ship product to
customers. net sales for the three months ended september 30, 1998 were $496.0
million, an increase of $209.2 million versus the three months ended september
28, 1997. after excluding: (i) $326.1 million from 1998 sales generated by the
acquired entities, as discussed above; (ii) approximately $2 million from 1998
sales related to the change in fiscal period, as discussed in note 1 to the
condensed consolidated financial statements, and (iii) $5.4 million from 1998
and $7.6 million from 1997 sales of excess or discontinued inventory for which
the inventory carrying value was substantially equivalent to the sales value,
net sales on an adjusted basis ("adjusted sales") were $162.6 million in 1998, a
42% decrease from $279.2 million in the third quarter of 1997. overall, adjusted
sales for the third quarter of 1998 as compared with the prior year were
adversely impacted by increasing retail inventory positions in 1997 as compared
with decreasing retail inventory positions in 1998, distribution losses and
sales timing issues. in addition, the historical sunbeam operations were
adversely impacted by disruption from acquisition activities and management
changes in the period.

    domestic adjusted sales declined approximately $89 million from the third
quarter of 1997. the company believes approximately half of the decline in sales
between years was attributable to the changes in retail inventory positions.
excluding the impact of the change in retail inventories between periods, the
decline in sales was attributable to lower sales levels throughout the business.
the single largest component of this decrease in sales was attributable to
timing issues related to sales of personal care and comfort products. this
decrease as compared with a year ago is expected to be largely recovered in the
fourth quarter. appliance product sales were adversely impacted by significant
price reductions for breadmakers. distribution losses for grills, appliances and
health at home products accounted for the majority of the remaining sales
decrease as compared with last year's third quarter.

    international sales, which represented 19% of adjusted sales in the third
quarter of 1998, were just over half the level achieved in the third quarter of
1997's adjusted sales. the company believes this sales decline was due to three
key reasons: decreasing customer inventory levels as compared with the prior
year; a decision to stop selling to certain latin american export distributors,
and poor economic conditions in latin america.

    excluding: (i) the gross margin generated from the inclusion of the acquired
entities' operations in the quarter, as discussed above, and (ii) the impact in
1998 of the change in the fiscal period, as discussed in note 1 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements, gross margin declined to a loss of $8.0
million for the third quarter of 1998 versus a profit of $76.5 million for the
same period a year ago. the decrease in sales volume between periods, coupled
with adverse manufacturing variances and increases in estimated warranty
reserves accounted for the majority of the decrease in margins. the adverse
manufacturing variances as compared with the third quarter of 1997 arose from
lower manufacturing activities in the current year resulting from the high
levels of inventory on hand and a less robust demand forecast than existed a
year ago. operating results will be adversely impacted due to higher inventory
carrying costs and unabsorbed fixed factory overhead during the remainder of the
year.

    excluding the effect of: (i) $84.3 million of sg&amp;a; charges from the acquired
entities; (ii) $70 million related to warrants issued in the period, as
discussed in note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements; (iii)
approximately $1.5 million of costs due to the change in fiscal periods; (iii)
$16.9 million of costs incurred in 1998 related to the restatement efforts and
related litigation, year 2000 remediation and costs of relocating the corporate
office; (iv) $4.0 million in 1998 for severance and other costs resulting from
the change in management, net of the reversal of certain compensation costs
recorded in the first quarter as discussed in note 9 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements; (v) $7.3 million of benefit in the third
quarter of 1997 from the reversal of reserves no longer required, including the
restructuring reserve reversal, as shown in note 6 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements; and (vi) $2.5 million of restructuring related charges
recorded in 1997, sg&amp;a; expenses were $51.7 million in 1998, approximately 43%
higher than the same period in 1997. higher freight and warehousing costs
resulting from the higher inventory levels in 1998 along with higher costs
related to customer service resulted in nearly $4 million of the increase in
costs between years. increases in required legal and environmental reserves led
to approximately $4 million higher costs between years. travel and relocation,
higher outside service costs and other general sg&amp;a; cost increases between years
account for the remaining change.

    operating results for the third quarters of 1998 and 1997, on an adjusted
basis as described above, were a loss of $59.7 million in 1998 and a profit of
$40.3 million in 1997. this change resulted from the factors discussed above.

    interest expense increased from $2.9 million in the third quarter of 1997 to
$42.7 million in the third quarter of 1998 primarily related to higher borrowing
levels in 1998 for the acquisitions. (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements.)

    other income, net in 1998 of $11.0 million included approximately $8 million
from the settlement of a lawsuit. the remaining other income, net in 1998 and
the $1.3 million recognized in 1997 were from favorable foreign exchange,
primarily from mexico.

    the minority interest reported for the third quarter of 1998 relates to the
minority interest held in coleman by public shareholders.

                                       18
<page>

    income taxes in the third quarter of 1998 reflect taxes benefits on earnings
of foreign operations. a valuation allowance has been provided in 1998 for
deferred tax assets generated by sunbeam's operations. the 1997 rate was higher
than the federal statutory income tax rate primarily due to state and local
taxes plus the effect of foreign earnings taxed at other rates.

    due to increased inventory positions at certain customers which resulted
from sales in 1997 and the first quarter of 1998, as well as increased inventory
positions at the company, sales and operating income will be affected in the
fourth quarter of 1998 and into 1999. future results are also expected to be
impacted materially by charges related to, among other items, changes in
business operations resulting in part from acquisitions in 1998, interest costs
associated with higher debt levels, asset impairment costs, as well as costs
related to year 2000 issues. (see "liquidity and capital resources", below, and
notes 2, 3, 6, and 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

nine months ended september 30, 1998 compared to nine months ended september
28, 1997

    results of operations for the nine months ended september 30, 1998 include
the results of coleman for march 30 and 31, 1998 and the entire second and third
quarters and of signature brands and first alert from april 6, 1998. the
acquired entities generated net sales of $717.2 million in the period since the
acquisitions with corresponding gross margin of $158.3 million, or 22% of sales.
sg&amp;a; costs recorded by the acquired entities were $163.9 million in the period,
yielding an operating loss of $5.6 million. included in cost of sales of the
acquired entities was approximately $30 million of expense related to purchase
accounting adjustments which require adjusting the values of acquired
inventories to fair market value at the date of acquisition. accordingly, as
these inventories are sold, the purchase accounting adjustments related to these
inventories (in this case, increases in inventory values) are reflected in cost
of sales. a year ago, on a year-to-date basis, sales of the acquired entities
were approximately $140 million higher than in the comparable nine months of
1998 due to: a decrease in product lines at coleman resulting from the sale of a
portion of the business, a program to reduce sku's and exiting the pressure
washer business in 1997; softness in demand resulting from the domestic retail
channel's efforts to lower inventory levels; adverse economic conditions in
japan and southeast asia; product availability issues at signature brands;
higher sales returns at first alert, and general disruption in the acquired
entities due to the acquisitions and management changes. excluding the impact of
the purchase accounting adjustments described above, gross margins generated by
the acquired entities were $65 million lower in 1998 than for the prior
year-to-date period. approximately 60% of the change resulted from the lower
sales in 1998. an adverse sales mix at signature brands and charges at coleman
and signature brands in 1998 related to inventory reserves, provisions for fixed
assets and environmental remediation accounted for the majority of the remaining
decline in margins as compared with operations in the acquired entities for the
first nine months of 1997.

    net sales for the nine months ended september 30, 1998 were $1,322.1
million, an increase of $511.4 million versus the nine months ended september
28, 1997. after excluding: (i) $717.2 million of sales generated by the acquired
entities, as discussed above; (ii) approximately $6 million of higher sales in
1998 resulting from the change in fiscal year end, as described in note 1 to the
condensed consolidated financial statements; (iii) $5.4 million in 1998 and
$25.7 million from 1997 sales of excess or discontinued inventory for which the
inventory carrying value was substantially equivalent to the sales value; (iv)
$4.2 million from 1997 sales relating to divested product lines which are not
classified as discontinued operations (time and temperature products and
counselor / registered trademark/ and borg /registered trademark/ branded
scales), and (v) a $4.0 million benefit from the reduction of cooperative
advertising accruals no longer required in 1997, net sales on an adjusted basis
("adjusted sales") of $594.0 million decreased approximately 24% from $776.8
million in the first nine months of 1997. overall, product sales were adversely
impacted by changes in retail inventory levels, price discounting and higher
provisions for estimated returns, costs to ship products to customers, rebates
and other customer allowances.

    domestic adjusted sales declined approximately 25% or $149 million from the
first three quarters of 1997. the company believes more than half of the sales
decline was due to increasing retail inventory levels in 1997 versus decreasing
inventory positions at customers in 1998. excluding this effect, sales were
still lower than the prior year throughout the business, with the most
significant decline occurring in outdoor cooking products sales. during 1997,
the company lost a significant portion of its outdoor cooking products
distribution, including the majority of its grill parts and accessories products
distribution. the outdoor cooking products sales decline was attributable to
this lost distribution, to price discounting and higher customer allowances.
appliance adjusted sales declined between years as a result of higher provisions
for returns, freight and co-operative advertising allowances in 1998, lost
distribution and price erosion on breadmakers. the sales decline in personal
care and comfort products arose principally in the third quarter and was
primarily due to sales timing issues which are generally expected to be
recovered in the fourth quarter.

    international sales, which represented 23% of adjusted sales for the first
three quarters of 1998, decreased approximately 20% compared with the adjusted
sales for the same period a year ago. the company believes this sales decline
was primarily attributable to decreasing customer inventory levels as compared
with the prior year. sales were also adversely impacted by a decision to stop
selling to certain export distributors in latin america and by poor economic
conditions in that region. in addition, lost distribution in canada contributed
to the sales decline from the prior year.

                                       19

<page>

    excluding: (i) the gross margin generated from the inclusion of the acquired
entities' operations in the period, as discussed above; (ii) the impact of the
change in fiscal year-end as discussed in note 1 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements; (iii) $109.8 million in charges recorded in the second
quarter of 1998 related to excess inventory and fixed assets; (iii) $4.0 million
from the benefit in 1997 of reducing the cooperative advertising accrual no
longer required, and (iv) a $2.8 million benefit recorded in the second quarter
of 1997 resulting from capitalizing certain manufacturing supplies inventories
which were previously expensed, gross margin declined to a loss of $0.6 million
for the first nine months of 1998 versus $183.2 million for the same period a
year ago. lower sales volume and unfavorable manufacturing efficiencies from
lower production levels associated with the lower sales volumes and high
inventory levels in 1998 accounted for approximately 50% of the change between
years. approximately 30% of the decrease is attributable to lower price
realization and higher costs of customer allowances, rebates and similar
incentives in 1998, higher product return reserves and an adverse product sales
mix in 1998. the adverse product sales mix was due in part to the loss of a
majority of the grill accessory products distribution. accessories generate
significantly better margins than the average margins on sales of grills. during
the first half of each year, grill and grill accessory sales are traditionally a
higher portion of overall sales in the period than during other quarters of the
year. costs associated with a blanket recall, higher warranty reserves and
certain adjustments related to physical inventories drove the remaining
increases in cost of goods sold.

    excluding the effect of: (i) $163.9 million of sg&amp;a; charges in the acquired
entities; (ii) $70 million recorded in the second quarter of 1998 related to the
issuance of warrants; (iii) approximately $2.3 million of sg&amp;a; expense in 1998
from the change in the fiscal period; (iv) a $5.9 million benefit in the first
nine months of 1998 and an $8.2 million benefit in the same period in 1997 from
the reversal of reserves no longer required; (v) $34.4 million of charges
recorded in 1998 related to compensation and severance for certain former
employees; (vi) $16.9 million of costs incurred in 1998 related to the
restatement efforts, year 2000 remediation and the corporate office relocation,
and (vii) $11.9 million of restructuring related charges recorded in 1997, sg&amp;a;
expenses were $158.8 million in 1998, 48% higher than the same period in 1997.
this increase is due in part to approximately $8 million in higher advertising
and marketing costs between years due to a national television advertising
campaign for grills, package redesign costs and market research. higher
inventory levels in 1998 and costs associated with outsourcing small parts
fulfillment led to higher distribution and warehousing costs which were $10
million greater than a year ago. corporate administrative costs were
approximately $28 million higher between years, resulting primarily from
increases in outside service provider fees, including telephone charges, travel
and relocation fees, higher legal and environmental reserves and other general
administrative costs. higher bad debt charges in 1998 accounted for the majority
of the remaining increase in sg&amp;a; costs between years. these bad debt charges
resulted nearly equally from collection issues with certain customers in the
u.s. and in latin america.

    operating results for the first three quarters of 1998 and 1997, on an
adjusted basis as described above, were a loss of $159.4 million in 1998 and a
profit of $75.8 million in 1997. this change resulted from the factors discussed
above.

    interest expense increased from $7.8 million in the first nine months of
1997 to $90.1 million for the same period in 1998. approximately 80% of the
change related to higher borrowing levels in 1998 for the acquisitions, with the
remainder due to increased borrowings to fund working capital and the operating
losses. (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

    other income, in 1998 net of $5.7 million included approximately $8 million
from the settlement of a lawsuit. excluding this amount, there was approximately
$2.3 million of net losses from foreign exchange in the period. in 1998, net
foreign exchange gains accounted for the majority of the $0.9 million other
income. the foreign exchange gains and losses in each year are primarily from
results in mexico.

    the minority interest reported in 1998 relates to the minority interest held
in coleman by public shareholders.

    income taxes in 1998 reflect taxes on earnings of foreign subsidiaries and
franchise taxes. a valuation allowance has been provided in 1998 for deferred
tax assets generated by sunbeam's operations. the 1997 rate was higher than the
federal statutory income tax rate primarily due to state and local taxes plus
the effect of foreign earnings taxed at other rates.

    in 1998, the company prepaid certain debt assumed in the acquisitions and
prepaid an industrial revenue bond related to its hattiesburg facility. in
connection with the early extinguishment of this debt, the company recognized an
extraordinary charge of $111.7 million ($1.16 per share).

    the company's discontinued furniture business, which was sold in march 1997,
had revenues of $51.6 million in the first quarter of 1997 prior to the sale and
nominal earnings for that period. as a result of the sale of the company's
furniture business assets (primarily inventory, property, plant and equipment),
the company received $69.0 million in cash, retained approximately $50.0 million
in accounts receivable and retained certain liabilities. the final purchase
price for the furniture business was subject to a post-closing adjustment based
on the terms of the asset purchase agreement and in the first quarter of 1997,
after completion of the sale, the company recorded an additional loss on
disposal of $22.5 million pre-tax.

                                       20

<page>

foreign operations

    approximately 80% of the company's business is conducted in u.s. dollars
(including both domestic sales, u.s. dollar denominated export sales, primarily
to certain latin american markets, asian sales and the majority of european
sales). the company's non-u.s. dollar denominated sales are made principally by
subsidiaries in europe, japan and mexico. mexico reverted to a hyperinflationary
status for accounting purposes in 1997; therefore, translation adjustments
related to mexican net monetary assets are included as a component of net
earnings. mexico is not expected to be considered hyperinflationary as of
january 1, 1999.

        while sunbeam's revenues generated in asia have traditionally not been
significant, economic instability in this region is expected to have a negative
effect on coleman's earnings. economic instability and the political environment
in latin america have also affected sales in that region. it is anticipated that
sales in and exports to these regions will continue to decline so long as the
economic environments in those regions remain unsettled.

    on a limited basis, the company selectively uses derivatives (foreign
exchange option and forward contracts) to manage foreign exchange exposures that
arise in the normal course of business. no derivative contracts are entered into
for trading or speculative purposes. the use of derivatives did not have a
material impact on the company's financial results in 1998 and 1997. (see note 3
to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

seasonality

    on a consolidated basis, the company's sales have not traditionally
exhibited substantial seasonality; however, sales have been strongest during the
fourth quarter of the calendar year. additionally, sales of outdoor cooking
products are strongest in the first half of the year, while sales of appliances
and personal care and comfort products are strongest in the second half of the
year. furthermore, sales of a number of the company's traditional products,
including warming blankets, vaporizers, humidifiers and grills may be impacted
by unseasonable weather conditions. after considering the seasonality of the
acquired entities, the company's consolidated sales are not expected to exhibit
substantial seasonality; however, sales are expected to be strongest during the
second quarter of the calendar year. additionally, sales of many products sold
by the company may be impacted by unseasonable weather conditions.

liquidity and capital resources

    in order to finance the acquisition of coleman, first alert and signature
brands and to refinance substantially all of the indebtedness of the company and
the acquired entities, the company consummated: (i) an offering (the "offering")
of zero coupon convertible senior subordinated debentures due 2018 (the
"debentures") at a yield to maturity of 5% (approximately $2,014 million
principal amount at maturity) in march 1998, which resulted in approximately
$730 million of net proceeds and, (ii) entered into a revolving and term credit
facility ("new credit facility").

    the company was required to file a registration statement with the
securities and exchange commission to register the debentures by june 23, 1998,
which registration statement has not been filed. from june 23, 1998 until the
day on which the registration statement is filed and declared effective, the
company is required to pay to the debenture holders cash liquidated damages
accruing, for each day during such period, at a rate per annum equal to 0.25%
during the first 90 days and 0.50% thereafter multiplied by the total of the
issue price of the debentures plus the original issue discount thereon on such
day. the company made its first payment of approximately $525,000 to the
debenture holders on september 25, 1998. (see note 3.)

    the new credit facility provided for aggregate borrowings of up to $1.7
billion pursuant to: (i) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal
amount of up to $400 million, maturing march 31, 2005; (ii) an $800 million term
loan maturing on march 31, 2005, and (iii) a $500 million term loan maturing
september 30, 2006. interest accrues at a rate selected at the company's option
of: (i) the london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus an agreed upon interest
margin which varies depending upon the company's leverage ratio, as defined, and
other items or, (ii) the base rate of the administrative agent (generally the
higher of the prime commercial lending rate of the administrative agent or the
federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1%), plus an agreed upon interest margin which
varies depending upon the company's leverage ratio, as defined, and other items.
the new credit facility contains certain covenants, including limitations on the
ability of the company and its subsidiaries to engage in certain transactions
and the requirement to maintain certain financial covenants and ratios.

    at june 30, 1998, the company was not in compliance with the financial
covenants and ratios required under the new credit facility. the company and its
lenders entered into an agreement dated june 30, 1998, which provided that
compliance with the covenants would be waived through december 31, 1998.
borrowings under the new credit facility are secured by the company's assets,
including its stock interest in coleman. pursuant to an amendment dated october
19, 1998, the company is not required to comply with the original financial
covenants and ratios under the new credit facility until april 10, 1999, but
will be required to comply with an earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization covenant, the amounts of which are to be determined, beginning
february 1999. concurrent with each of these amendments, interest margin was
increased. the

                                       21

<page>

margin continues to increase monthly through march 1999 to a maximum of 400
basis points over libor. at the end of november 1998, following the scheduled
repayment of a portion of the term loan, the new credit facility was reduced to
$1,698 million in total, of which approximately $1,421 million was outstanding
and approximately $277 million was available. in addition, at the same time, the
company's cash balance available for debt repayment was approximately $22
million.

    the company is working closely with its bank lenders in an effort to reach
agreement on a further amendment to the new credit facility containing mutually
acceptable revised financial covenants. there can be no assurance that such an
amendment, or a further waiver of the existing financial covenants, will be
entered into with the bank lenders by april 10, 1999. the failure to obtain such
an amendment or further waiver would result in violation of the existing
covenants, which would permit the bank lenders to accelerate the maturity of all
outstanding borrowings under the new credit facility. accordingly, the debt
related to the new credit facility and all debt containing cross-default
provisions is classified as current in the condensed consolidated balance sheet
as of september 30, 1998.

    at september 30, 1998, the company had cash and cash equivalents of
$52.1 million. cash used in operating activities during the first three quarters
of 1998 was $224.7 million compared to $59.9 million for the same period in
1997. this increase is attributable to lower earnings before non-cash charges.
year-to-date 1998, $75.7 million in cash was generated by reducing receivables
and a similar amount was used as inventories increased. the majority of this
cash generation was from coleman as that operation reduced receivables balances
generated in its peak second quarter period. the remaining cash usage for
working capital resulted primarily from reducing accounts payable levels.

    cash used in investing activities in the first nine months of 1998 reflects
$379.2 million for the acquisitions. in the first three quarters of 1997, cash
provided by investing activities reflected $90.9 million in proceeds from the
sales of divested operations and other assets. capital spending totaled $32.8
million in 1998 and was primarily for manufacturing efficiency initiatives,
equipment and tooling for new products, and management information systems
hardware and software licenses. the new product capital spending principally
related to the air and water filtration products which were discontinued in the
second quarter, electric blankets, grills, clippers and appliances. as the
company completes its assessment of expected future performance of its business
operations, valuation adjustments may be required for certain of the assets
acquired in 1998. capital spending in 1997 was $41.0 million and was primarily
attributable to manufacturing capacity expansion, cost reduction initiatives and
equipment to manufacture new products. the company anticipates 1998 capital
spending to be approximately 5% of sales, primarily related to new product
introductions, capacity additions and certain facility rationalization
initiatives.

    cash provided by financing activities totaled $636.1 million in the first
nine months of 1998 and reflects net proceeds from the debentures of $729.6
million, the cancellation and repayment of all outstanding balances under the
company's $250 million september 1996 revolving credit facility, the repayment
of certain debt acquired with the acquisitions and the early extinguishment of
the $75.0 million hattiesburg industrial revenue bond. in addition, cash
provided by financing activities includes $19.6 million of proceeds from the
exercise of stock options. (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

    the company expects to acquire the remaining equity interest in coleman
pursuant to a merger transaction in which the existing coleman minority
shareholders will receive approximately 6.7 million shares of common stock and
approximately $87 million in cash. in addition, as a result of litigation
related to the merger consideration, the company has entered into a memorandum
of understanding (subject to court approval) pursuant to which the holders of
the remaining equity interest in coleman will also receive five-year warrants to
purchase 4.98 million shares of sunbeam common stock at $7.00 per share. there
can be no assurance that the court will approve the settlement as proposed.
although there can be no assurance, it is anticipated the coleman merger will
occur in the first half of fiscal 1999. (see note 10 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.)

    the company believes its borrowing capacity under the new credit agreement,
cash flow from the combined operations of the company and its acquired
companies, existing cash and cash equivalent balances, and its receivable
securitization program will be sufficient to support working capital needs,
capital spending, and debt service for the foreseeable future. however, if the
company is unable to satisfactorily amend the financial covenants and ratio
requirements of the new credit facility or obtain a further waiver of the
existing covenants and ratio requirements prior to april 10, 1999, the company
expects it would, at that time, be in default of the requirements under the new
credit facility and, as noted above, the lenders could then require the
repayment of all amounts then outstanding under the new credit facility.


new accounting standards

    see note 1 to the company's condensed consolidated financial statements for
a discussion of statement of financial accounting standards ("sfas") no. 131,
disclosures about segments of an enterprise and related information, sfas no.
133, accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, statement of
position ("sop") 98-1, accounting for the costs of computer software developed
or obtained for internal use and sop 98-5, reporting on the costs of start-up
activities, which are

                                       22

<page>

required to be adopted for periods beginning after december 15, 1997. the
adoption of these standards is not expected to have a material effect on the
company's consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows,
although actual charges incurred may be material due to year 2000 issues, as
discussed below.

year 2000 readiness disclosure and operating system enhancements

    the company is in the process of assessing the impact of the year 2000 on
its operations, including the coleman, first alert and signature brands
companies which were acquired by the company in the spring of 1998. the company
established a year 2000 program management office in the third quarter of 1998
to conduct such assessment with assistance from three consulting firms. the
company's assessment encompasses the company's information technology functions
along with the impact of the effects of noncompliance by its vendors, service
providers, customers, and financial institutions. the assessment of the
company's information technology functions is substantially complete.
additionally, the company is assessing the impact of noncompliance of embedded
microprocessors in its products as well as equipment, such as manufacturing
equipment, security and telephone systems and controls for lighting,
heating/ventilation, and facility access.

    the company relies on its information technology functions to perform many
tasks that are critical to its operations. significant transactions that could
be impacted by year 2000 noncompliance include, among others, purchases of
materials, production management, order entry and fulfillment, and payroll
processing. systems and applications that have been identified by the company to
date as not currently year 2000 compliant and which are critical to the
company's operations include its financial software systems, which process the
order entry, purchasing, production management, general ledger, accounts
receivable, and accounts payable functions, and critical applications in the
company's manufacturing and distribution facilities, such as the warehouse
management application. the company plans to complete corrective work with
respect to the company's systems by the second quarter of 1999 with final
testing and implementation of such systems occurring in the second and third
quarters of 1999. management believes that, although there are significant
systems that will need to be modified or replaced, the company's information
systems environment will be made year 2000 compliant prior to january 1, 2000.
the company's failure to timely complete such corrective work could have a
material adverse impact on the company. the company is not able to estimate
possible lost profits arising from such failure.

    the company is in the process of contacting its vendors and suppliers of
products and services to determine their year 2000 readiness and plans. this
review includes third party providers to whom the company has outsourced the
processing of its cash receipt and cash disbursement transactions. the company
plans to complete this review during the first quarter of 1999. the failure of
certain of these third party suppliers to become year 2000 compliant could have
a material adverse impact on the company.

            the company's preliminary assessment of the total costs to address
and remedy year 2000 issues and enhance its operating systems, including costs
for the acquired companies, is $50 million. this estimate includes the costs of
software and hardware modifications and replacements and fees to third party
consultants, but excludes internal resources. the company expects these
expenditures to be financed through operating cash flows or borrowings, as
applicable. through september 30, 1998, the company had expended approximately
$10 million related to new systems and remediation to address year 2000 issues
of which approximately half was recorded as capital expenditures. of the total
costs, it is anticipated that approximately 25% to 30% will be incurred by
year-end 1998, with the remainder in 1999. a significant portion of these
expenditures will enhance the company's operating systems in addition to
resolving the year 2000 issues. as the company completes its assessment of the
year 2000 issues, the actual expenditures incurred or to be incurred may differ
materially from the amounts shown above.

    after completing the assessment of the year 2000 on its operations, the
company plans to establish a contingency plan for addressing any effects of the
year 2000 on its operations, whether due to noncompliance of the company's
systems or those of third parties. the company expects to complete such
contingency plan by september 30, 1999; such contingency plan will address
alternative processes, such as manual procedures to replace those processed by
noncompliant systems, potential alternative service providers, and plans to
address compliance issues as they arise. subject to the nature of the systems
and applications which are not made year 2000 compliant, the impact of such
non-compliance on the company's operations could be material if appropriate
contingency plans cannot be developed prior to january 1, 2000.


other matters

    see notes 3, 6, and 10 of notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for information relating to, among other matters, litigation,
financing and potential asset impairment issues.

                                       23
<page>

restatement of results of operations for the three months ended september 28,
1997 compared to the three months ended september 29, 1996

    the results of operations previously reported for the three months ended
september 28, 1997 as compared with the three months ended september 29, 1996
generally understated the level of expenses incurred in that year. gross margin
was previously reported to have improved 18.3 percentage points from the level
achieved in the third quarter of 1996. after restatement, the gross margin
improvement was 14.3 percentage points. operating income was previously reported
to have improved $75.6 million to 19.0% of sales, up 27.9 percentage points from
1996's third quarter. after reflecting the results of the restatement, operating
earnings were $45.1 million for the third quarter of 1997, an improvement of
$65.8 million. operating earnings were 15.7% of sales in 1997, after
restatement, up 24.6 percentage points from the prior year. on november 12,
1998, the company filed a form 10-k/a setting forth the restated financial
statements for december 28, 1997 and december 29. 1996, and the fiscal years
then ended. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations for the fiscal years 1997 and 1996 as well as 1996 and
1995 are contained therein. (see note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

restatement of results of operations for the nine months ended september 28,
1997 compared to the nine months ended september 29, 1996

    the results of operations previously reported for the nine months ended
september 28, 1997 as compared with the nine months ended september 29, 1996
generally overstated sales in 1997 and understated the level of expenses
incurred in 1997. gross margin was previously reported to have improved 10.5
percentage points from the level achieved in 1996. after restatement, the gross
margin improvement was 6.1 percentage points. operating income for the first
nine months of 1997 was previously reported to have improved $128.6 million to
16.0% of sales, up 15.5 percentage points from 1996's first nine months'
results. after reflecting the results of the restatement, operating earnings
were $79.0 million for the first three quarters of 1997, an improvement of $75.0
million from the prior year. as a percent of sales, operating earnings, after
restatement, were 9.7%, an improvement of 10.2 percentage points versus the
first nine months of 1996.

cautionary statements

    certain statements in this quarterly report on form 10-q may constitute
"forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995, as the same may be amended from time to time
(herein the "act") and in releases made by the securities and exchange
commission ("sec") from time to time. such forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
actual results, performance, or achievements of the company to be materially
different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. when used in this quarterly report
on form 10-q, the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect" and similar
expressions, when used in connection with the company, including its management,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking
statements were based on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous
important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. these
cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the act, with the intention of
obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor" provisions of the act. the company
cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by the company are
not guarantees of future performance. important assumptions and other important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements with respect to the company include, but are not
limited to risks associated with (i) high leverage, (ii) sunbeam's ability to
enter into an amendment to its credit agreement containing financial covenants
which it and its bank lenders find mutually acceptable, or to continue to obtain
waivers from its bank lenders with respect to its compliance with the existing
covenants contained in such agreement, and to continue to have access to its
revolving credit facility, (iii) sunbeam's ability to integrate the recently
acquired coleman, signature brands and first alert companies and expenses
associated with such integration, (iv) sunbeam's sourcing of products from
international vendors, including the ability to select reliable vendors and to
avoid delays in shipments, (v) sunbeam's ability to maintain and increase market
share for its products at anticipated margins, (vi) sunbeam's ability to
successfully introduce new products and to provide on-time delivery and a
satisfactory level of customer service, (vii) changes in laws and regulations,
including changes in tax laws, accounting standards, environmental laws,
occupational, health and safety laws, (viii) access to foreign markets together
with foreign economic conditions, including currency fluctuations, (ix)
uncertainty as to the effect of competition in existing and potential future
lines of business, (x) fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw
materials and/or products, (xi) changes in the availability and relative costs
of labor, (xii) effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs, (xiii)
economic uncertainty in japan, korea and other asian countries, as well as in
mexico, venezuela, and other latin american countries, (xiv) product quality,
including excess warranty costs, product liability expenses and costs of product
recalls, (xv) weather conditions which can have an unfavorable impact upon sales
of sunbeam's products, (xvi) the numerous lawsuits against the company and the
sec investigation into the company's accounting practices and policies, and
uncertainty regarding the company's available coverage on its directors' and
officers' liability insurance, (xvii) the possibility of a recession in the
united states or other countries resulting in a decrease in consumer demands for
the company's products, (xviii) failure of the company and/or its suppliers of
goods or services to timely complete the remediation of computer systems

                                       24

<page>

to effectively process year 2000 information and (xix) any material error in
evaluating historical levels of retail inventories and the related impact on
operations of changes therein. other factors and assumptions not included in
the foregoing may cause the company's actual results to materially differ from
those projected. the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements or these cautionary statements to reflect actual results or changes
in other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.

                                       25

<page>

part ii - other information


item 6. exhibits and reports on form 8-k.

(a)     exhibits

27      financial data schedule

(b)     reports on form 8-k

the company filed a report on form 8-k on august 14, 1998.

                                       26

<page>

                                   signatures


    pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
    registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
    undersigned thereunto duly authorized.



                                         sunbeam corporation




                                         by:  /s/ bobby g. jenkins
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         bobby g. jenkins
                                         executive vice president, and
                                         chief financial officer
                                         (principal financial officer)

                                         dated: december 22, 1998

                                       27

<page>

                                 exhibit index


exhibit                       description
- -------                       -----------

  27               financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page><page>

restatement of results of operations for the three months ended september 28,
1997 compared to the three months ended september 29, 1996

    the results of operations previously reported for the three months ended
september 28, 1997 as compared with the three months ended september 29, 1996
generally understated the level of expenses incurred in that year. gross margin
was previously reported to have improved 18.3 percentage points from the level
achieved in the third quarter of 1996. after restatement, the gross margin
improvement was 14.3 percentage points. operating income was previously reported
to have improved $75.6 million to 19.0% of sales, up 27.9 percentage points from
1996's third quarter. after reflecting the results of the restatement, operating
earnings were $45.1 million for the third quarter of 1997, an improvement of
$65.8 million. operating earnings were 15.7% of sales in 1997, after
restatement, up 24.6 percentage points from the prior year. on november 12,
1998, the company filed a form 10-k/a setting forth the restated financial
statements for december 28, 1997 and december 29. 1996, and the fiscal years
then ended. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations for the fiscal years 1997 and 1996 as well as 1996 and
1995 are contained therein. (see note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

restatement of results of operations for the nine months ended september 28,
1997 compared to the nine months ended september 29, 1996

    the results of operations previously reported for the nine months ended
september 28, 1997 as compared with the nine months ended september 29, 1996
generally overstated sales in 1997 and understated the level of expenses
incurred in 1997. gross margin was previously reported to have improved 10.5
percentage points from the level achieved in 1996. after restatement, the gross
margin improvement was 6.1 percentage points. operating income for the first
nine months of 1997 was previously reported to have improved $128.6 million to
16.0% of sales, up 15.5 percentage points from 1996's first nine months'
results. after reflecting the results of the restatement, operating earnings
were $79.0 million for the first three quarters of 1997, an improvement of $75.0
million from the prior year. as a percent of sales, operating earnings, after
restatement, were 9.7%, an improvement of 10.2 percentage points versus the
first nine months of 1996.

cautionary statements

    certain statements in this quarterly report on form 10-q may constitute
"forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995, as the same may be amended from time to time
(herein the "act") and in releases made by the securities and exchange
commission ("sec") from time to time. such forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
actual results, performance, or achievements of the company to be materially
different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. when used in this quarterly report
on form 10-q, the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect" and similar
expressions, when used in connection with the company, including its management,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking
statements were based on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous
important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. these
cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the act, with the intention of
obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor" provisions of the act. the company
cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by the company are
not guarantees of future performance. important assumptions and other important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements with respect to the company include, but are not
limited to risks associated with (i) high leverage, (ii) sunbeam's ability to
enter into an amendment to its credit agreement containing financial covenants
which it and its bank lenders find mutually acceptable, or to continue to obtain
waivers from its bank lenders with respect to its compliance with the existing
covenants contained in such agreement, and to continue to have access to its
revolving credit facility, (iii) sunbeam's ability to integrate the recently
acquired coleman, signature brands and first alert companies and expenses
associated with such integration, (iv) sunbeam's sourcing of products from
international vendors, including the ability to select reliable vendors and to
avoid delays in shipments, (v) sunbeam's ability to maintain and increase market
share for its products at anticipated margins, (vi) sunbeam's ability to
successfully introduce new products and to provide on-time delivery and a
satisfactory level of customer service, (vii) changes in laws and regulations,
including changes in tax laws, accounting standards, environmental laws,
occupational, health and safety laws, (viii) access to foreign markets together
with foreign economic conditions, including currency fluctuations, (ix)
uncertainty as to the effect of competition in existing and potential future
lines of business, (x) fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw
materials and/or products, (xi) changes in the availability and relative costs
of labor, (xii) effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs, (xiii)
economic uncertainty in japan, korea and other asian countries, as well as in
mexico, venezuela, and other latin american countries, (xiv) product quality,
including excess warranty costs, product liability expenses and costs of product
recalls, (xv) weather conditions which can have an unfavorable impact upon sales
of sunbeam's products, (xvi) the numerous lawsuits against the company and the
sec investigation into the company's accounting practices and policies, and
uncertainty regarding the company's available coverage on its directors' and
officers' liability insurance, (xvii) the possibility of a recession in the
united states or other countries resulting in a decrease in consumer demands for
the company's products, (xviii) failure of the company and/or its suppliers of
goods or services to timely complete the remediation of computer systems

                                       24

<page>

to effectively process year 2000 information and (xix) any material error in
evaluating historical levels of retail inventories and the related impact on
operations of changes therein. other factors and assumptions not included in
the foregoing may cause the company's actual results to materially differ from
those projected. the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements or these cautionary statements to reflect actual results or changes
in other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.

                                       25

<page>

part ii - other information


item 6. exhibits and reports on form 8-k.

(a)     exhibits

27      financial data schedule

(b)     reports on form 8-k

the company filed a report on form 8-k on august 14, 1998.

                                       26

<page>

                                   signatures


    pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
    registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
    undersigned thereunto duly authorized.



                                         sunbeam corporation




                                         by:  /s/ bobby g. jenkins
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         bobby g. jenkins
                                         executive vice president, and
                                         chief financial officer
                                         (principal financial officer)

                                         dated: december 22, 1998

                                       27

<page>

                                 exhibit index


exhibit                       description
- -------                       -----------

  27               financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page></page>